 Members came in again today and we continued with our conversation and I pulled credit, we talked about unsecured and secured debt, and we decided HELOC would work best for them, the have started a savings plan, and they have invited me to dinner with them on Thursday to do a closing. Brandon 9865
Betty moved to FL about 5 yr's ago she was tired of the winters in MN, All of her children are married and she has 3 grand children, Betty invited me to come to FL and visit, she sometimes gets home sick for MN nice :0)
Joint member became citizen and had name change. His previous name is Cha
Xiong, new name is Ntxoov Xiong. Pa @ Lafayette has taken the copy of DL,
petition for name change and his certificate of naturalization. She
forward the documents to Records. Savannah x9746
Mbr came in to cash their government check. her and her husband both came in. Did mention to them about the $2000.00 daily w/d. Did get information on the husband and she wanted to add her husband onto the account as well. Pa x9650
member came in to try and cash her tax reund check again she said that they lost the form for the name change and wanted to use their human services card. I asked if they could go and get a copy of the name changed somthing that shows the old name and the new name togther. I also suggested that they go to the DMV and get a new id with the new name on it 9272
Will not accept any checks made out to Cha Xiong w/out proof of name change! They came in trying to deposit tax refund check for about $6,300 made out to both Cha & Mee. "Lost" every tangible document showing name change. Suggested consulting w/person that prepared taxes to get check reissued. Name has been changed since '04.
 mbr came in and was wondering why her balance was off, printed out statements and explained to mbr step by step trans. mbr does not recall doing one of the transactions, which who it was me who did the trans. and I remember it, but mbr will look it over and come back if she can't figure it out. DlO@cap1
 exp the 48 hour hold on atm deposits Michelle@CAP
 Mbr thought there was only a 24hr. hold on an ATM dep. she is aware, now of the 48hr hold. 
Kerwin had given his daugther some money back in July for her to purchase a home in VA. The company needed verification of this so we did write up a letter and faxed it to them. The lady we were talking to, Kathy, stated the letter we wrote should be fine.
Talked w/Kerwin...planted the seed on what we could do w/him for his checking account to help him keep his own money! Looking at doing both an interest reward checking and better than free checking for his account.
mbr called to close out his money market and transfer to checking, due to the large amount I asked him social, date of birth and who he had direct deposit from, he also gave me on his own how much of his direct deposit went to savings and the rest went to checking 9335
 Mbr called as payroll went into S8 instead of S7. Called ops and ACH dis looks correct. Jaime was going to take care of it. Let mbr know I would trans $ from S8 to S7 today adn then check it on May 12 to make sure S7 is bucket acct. Mbr also inquired about Safari cert. may be trans $ from Nova. Amy H x9310 (736)
 Kerwin has been having problems saying above the $200 in the s8 recently...after talking, we decided it would be better for him to have an s7. did the downgrade this morning. dana @MPLS
 Kerwin stopped in with a check for $16,200 that had been signed over to him from his son-in-law. I let him know that the funds would be put on a three business day hold due to the fact tha it was a second party check and it was a large amount. Katie @ CAP 9739
 Kerwin called in b/c he said that his deposit yesterday did not matdch what he wrote down. I am working with the MSR to find out. #89 SS
 Kewin opened a Roth IRA acct for his daughter Malea. He also took the forms for son Ted and will get daughter Jamie to reopen her acct with us and set IRA also. Emilia 9834
 mbr cld in to have me open Nova MM and close the s6 he also had me trans $15000.00 from his s6 to his wife's acct s66 so she could open a s67 too. Michelle@CAP
 talked to mbr about cd's he might be calling me to open a Odyssey Michelle@CAP
 Informed member about Investment rates and CD options for his finances. Seemed very interested, but will look it over further. LB 9806 
Member Came in with GF Malee Khamda. They tried together to get a loan for 3k for her grandmothers death. Unfortunately her DTI was way to high. I looked it over with Becky Crenshaw and we concluded that if he wanted we could do it solely in his name. He was okay with this. I ordered the Coupon book in both their names and Malee has authorization to get any info off the L51.2 Becca 6231
 Member called in and didn't know why his S1 was as low as it was. He made a payment on his loan earlier this month, so he didn't think his auto-payment would still go through. We stopped the per pay and I credited his S1 back from the loan.
 Justin said he made his loan payment earlier this month, but it still pulled since it is on a per/pay. Reversed payment per his request and went over how the per/pay works.Becky6238
 I offset the December payment and set up pull for 01/20/06
 This member did not have the funds on 12/20 for the automatic payment to be successful. I will offset a payment on 01/17/06 to bring the account current. I suggest setting up 1/2 payments bi-weekly on his paydates so the member can budget smaller payments per check. The member will save interest by paying this way and he will be assured of having the funds on his direct deposit days. Bruce
 member made loan payment in the beginning of the month and came out of his savings again now. I explained that if it is automatically taken from his savings then even if he pays early it will be taken out still but if he lets us know in advance we can keep that from happening. reversed the loan payment from his savings and put back into his savings.
 member received a cashiers check in his name and gave it to the person he bought the vehicle from. The person who sold the vehicle (Mark Ostien) came into cash the check. Since the check was in Justins name I had to call justin to see if he was okay with us depositing the check and cutting a new one to Mark. Mark was very upset that our bank made the check out to justin to give to him. 
 Member gives Lynn Enright permission to receive receipts from this account.
 explained interest payments on car loan.
Chase card services will be mailing back a 3730 balance trsfr payment to me "attentioned Josh Dorsey" and once I receive it back I will call John back and we will send the 3730 to the correct acct # ending in 8986 GCC IBT MASTERCARD UNION.
John wants to increase the credit limit on his card to payoff his 4k balance on his high interest rate cc at another financial institution. He would receive the 5.9% balance trsfr rate after paying this off. Mbr already has the OSL signed. All I need is an approval from a manager to give this a go and I will process the balance trsfr in evolve - the acct # is 5480420032438986. I will need a customer service # to get the exact payoff balance and mailing address to get this completed. Call the member back with a decision at 920-475-7558 and inform him if he has a payment in the next 7-10 business days to make the minimum.
 Processed skip pay for the L6. Added $30.00 fee to the loan. Brenda x9881
per loan L6.1, member was given too high of a rate, sending out saf for his signature. lmallery x9882
John was in today and bought a vehicle from Izzy caron, he does all his vehicle loans with us, I ordered John a coupon book.
 received wisconsin lien release. adding to title file for completion. Brenda x9881
Member purchases his vehicles from Louis Caron and last time he purchased one he came to us and wanted to keep his loan with us, he lives in Wisconsin and is related to Louis, but loves the fact that he can get a loan here without a hassle. He is retired and receives social security.
 mbr called in gave him address to mail pymt to my attn/also ordered coupons as he was out/terri n/solutions
Noel is refinancing his town and country to add waranty. He purchased platinum up to 100,000miles. Also added gap as he is over valu. He understands gap protects up to 130% and the $325.00 will be subtracted from amount paid on a claim
will honor rate adjustment of 5%. x9438
Noel called in on the Safe 2 he was a little upset that he has to relog in, we talked and Laugh about his age, Noel is on his way to the YMCA to exercise he invited me :0) to come with , I told I have top work.26 Jul 2007 at 10:14 am by Lydia Ford.Noel called in on the Safe 2 he was a little upset that he has to relog in, we talked and Laugh about his age, Noel is on his way to the YMCA to exercise he invited me :0) to come with , I told I have top work.
Noel and I have been working together on him buying a new Trailblazer. He ended up getting a newer one with all the bells and whistles, and although he grumbles about the higher dollar amount, I can tell how much he enjoys the vehicle. He says he's my 'little black rain cloud' but he is anything but! jon9259
 Noel wanted to know what was some ATM deposit that he made and I told him that I would tried to find out and let him know what I found and will make copies of it and send it to him. pa x9650
 Noel sent me a fax saying that he had thought about some options that I gave him and decided against doing the loan with us but will probably increase his line of credit with US Bank because his credit score qualified him for a 14% interest on his sig. loan.I withdrew the loan application.Nancy S x9244
 Noel called asking for a $5K signature loan to purchase a used vehicle for his son and also pay down his Target acct by $2000.nancy S x9244 
 cell 651 210-7467.
 Added her husban (mbr #105793) as joint on her S1 and S7 per her request. emize218
 moved cert to 608967 per cert pending
Steve is struggling but I have decided to make a decision to move his due date to 04/20 from 03/20 on a onetime only basis. This will give steve the adequate breathing room he needs to get into a good position to sell this home and move forward with his career and life.
I spoke with Steve today and he is currently not working. The construction field is looking to pickup but Steve also knows that he needs to sell his home. He will be late on his 2nd Mortgage here at Affinity along with his current first mortgage. Steve is in the process of selling his home and will be asking enough to pay off both mortgages. He has requested an additional skip-a-pay for 2010 and has assured me this will be his last one and he will not be requesting anymore in the future.
Steven and Renee came in to talk about their stituation and see if there are any options to refinance some of their secured debt and possibly lower their monthly mortgage payments. Looked at the options of refinancing the home - to combine 1st & 2nd would create "caution" level financing and would increase their rates drastically. To just refinance either the 1st or the 2nd would create a slight change to the payment but may not be enough to make the cost worth while. They know they will be selling their home sooner rather than later. They are paying 5600 in taxes and have a much larger home than they need, as all of their kids have moved out. They have a regular budget they work through and while they are tight on finances they are very active in tracking their situation. It sounds as though selling their home may be coming up sooner they anticipated due to their finances. x9700
ACH for 2 house payments, she will pay late fees next time, this is all she can afford right now.
I checked on Steve's L73 payment as we moved it to the 30th this month & it looks like it didn't pull until the 2nd of Feb, so I reversed the late fee & will change his ACH back to the 15th.
Steve called in to change this months ACH from WF to the L73 to the end of the month rather than the 15th, I changed it and will also change it back to the 15th of the month again for Feb.
The payment was not changed because the mbr spoke with Lisa on Saturday which was already too late. I agreed to refund two fees for her fr WF and deposit it into her checking acct x9244
Star Banking App 10k Auto Loan Currently Steve is over 90 days late on his credit cards need to have a more indepth conversation with members current financial situation
Educated member on Reg D.
6 for 120 months on thier Home Equity even though their Credit Score was 683 which should have put their rate at 8.6 - Exception on the rate
mbr cld to make 1st mtg payment. today is 15th day. will waive late fee as it wont arrive until tomorrow. mbr said husband isnt always paid on time for work he does thru contractors.
 Called home and talked to the mbr. She said her husband is self empl and that he should be receiving work that he has done and she will pay both the Sept and Oct payment on the 1st mtg before the end of the month. Kathy #9372
 SET ACH TO PAY MORTGAGE mike 9768
Appears member was accessed late fee on mortgage. Based on pay history on other accounts and relationshiip with the member I submitted a service request to Financial Accounting to reverse the late fee accessed for pymt. Member was assured by Wells Fargo that pymt would take place within grace period, and pymt was not received until today. Natalie x9388
 Karen from VanGuard Ins. called to see if we have paid thehouse premium. Contacted Tim Hansen in Financial Accounting and he stated we have not
received a bill yet. Tim stated they can fax him the information and he will take care of it.
Gave Karen his fax #. Lori x9468
 We received and online application for a HELOC from Renee. I have emailed them in relation to this application. I am waiting for them to contact me so we can go over the pre-approval together. MRP #328.
 Opened checking account, member will transfer fund from S1 online. jlarson 9860
 Renee was unaware of Reg D, she incurred a $29.00, I am mailing her an application to open a checking account (which she agreed to do) I am also refunding her $29.00 back to her. Renee was very gracious and understanding of Reg D. jlarson 9860
 Processed December 2004 Skip-A-Payment for L6.1 & L6.2, did not charge, paid ahead.
 received docs and funded the refinance of both loans with auto pay.
 faxing out the refinance docs.
 inquired about refinancing both of her loans. Will call her back today, wants auto pay on both, will need to sign doc for the ranger. 
Skipped Feb payment to free up funds to pay for taxes.
Finished refi for members. We were able to lower their rate and get them enough cash out to purchase a van to replace their old vehicle. This will still keep them on their payoff goal. Used participation rewards to pay $38 of the fees on the loan.
Refunded $29.00 fee back to s1. As courtesy I refunded the fee, I think that he miscalculated what he has as a balance. Not sure if he added the $10.00 membership that should remain in s1. However I understand where he was coming from and I don't feel that it was intentional. Informed that he is still negative but once US Treasury is deposited. The account should be back to normal. ext. 9328
Processed service request to skip the 7/26/07 payment on the L72.3, added $30 fee to the loan. Kim x6195 Records
 Mbr was in a car accident. Airbag hit him in the jaw, got infected and mbr needed a removal of an infected tooth. Processed a skip a pmt per mbr req, last skip a pmt was used in 2005. x 9458
Did a refinance on member's HE loan to help them get caught up on taxes that have not been paid. At the same time, we paid off two credit cards that were hurting their credit and bogging them down with payments. This frees up enough in the members budget that they can now budget to pay their taxes. Members have a three year plan to be debt free. They will have everything paid off except for this loan, which they hope to try to pay off in about four years. Then they look forward to enjoying retirement.
 jt owner called to get a copy of statement for august on savings faxed this request to her Linda 9335
 Members paid off their loan with Equity Bank. They do not want to have there payment coming out of their account anymore to Equity Bank. That is a payment that Equity bank is pulling out that is nothing we can control. Member understands that. cjordan
 Member came in wondering why acct was in the negative, didn't have enough funds in acct, had to dip into membership fee, on statements it doesn't show $10 less.
 Completed gov't monitoring.
 Refied second mortgage to combine all their bills. Kept same term on loan. Sent out checks and closed several credit cards. Setup periodic payment on 8/26/2004 for 289.71 from S1. dalbrecht 412
 Mbr called when paymnt did not pull on 03/20/04. I corrrected auto paymnt and will check on 04/20/04 for transfer, Social security comes into acct on the 3rd Wednesday of every month. 
Maureen wanted to pay mortgage payment partially with a check and the rest with a WF debit card... Since she didn't know that we couldn't take those as payment, I told her she could mail me a check and I'd back date it to today for her. She will be mailing the payment directly to me with a note explaining what to do, so I don't forget!
BKY WAS DISCHARGED 4/9/08, MBR DID NOT REAFFIRM. CLOSED CHK ACCOUNT DUE TO NEG BALANCE AND BKY, HOWEVER CANNOT PURSUE THE DELEQUENT AMMOUNT AS IT FELL NEGATIVE BEFORE THE DISCHARGE. MBR IS CAUSING A LOSS TO A+ SERVICES WILL BE CURTAILED.
RECVD DISCHARGE.
Member called in about returned check for $81, they wanted to make sure that it wasn't something they bounced and I explained that it was a check that someone wrote to them. They know who it is and will take care of it.
Shawn called in he was frustrated that his payment for his L73 was pulled when it should be pulled on the 25th. It overdrew his account and he doesnt get paid until next week. I apologized and told him I would back out the payment and refund the 2 fees he got. In his history i do see that it does normally pull on the 25th.
 just got married, when marriage cert arrives will bring in to change name. Becky6238
 Processed 12/05 skip pay request for L6.1, added $30 fee to the loan. Kim x6195 Records
 Removed credit to L6.1 from 9/14/05 as was suppose to go to membr 947150 and was credited here in error 251. JMorse
 Called member about there payment. Carrie understands that the money is going to be coming out of there line of credit. I ask if there is something that I can help with and she said no. She just wanted to make sure that the loan was paid for on time. cjordanx6235
 Members have had loans here in the past but want to open a checking acct here as well. They have been doing there banking at another institution for many years, but feel they have not been treated the way they should. So they want to bring the checking over here and use A+ as their main and only banking institution. I talked with him about what A+ is all about and how we focus more on the relationship when dealing with members. One of the things they wanted along with the checking acct is a loc for overdraft protection. He is in car sales and grosses a good income per year, but there are a few months that get a little tight. So he wants to have a loc for backup. This is a great oppertunity for us build up that relationship with him. He did have a collection on his acct. Which I required him to PIF before I would do the loan. He brought in proof today that he paid the collection. I approve this loan as another step in building a lasting relationship with these members. I talked with them about their credit card debt and they said they have a plan to get the balances paid down. dalbrecht 412/Rochester
 changed address from 12415 oak lodge lane ne, rochester, mn 55906 to 225 16th ave se, rochester, mn 55904. changed phone number to 507-529-0947 
Override to post (4) M&K CC Ded, (1) CC Ref & (5) Pmts L6
Did override to post M&K CC Ded to the L6 forl Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
I had to do an override in order to post a M&K CC Ded to L6 per Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
I had to do an override in order to post a M&K CC Ded to L6 per Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
 I had to do an override in order to post a M&K Coll pmt to L6 per Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
 I had to do an override in order to post a M&K Coll pmt to L6 per Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
 Member lost her job and has just gotten another one. She says she should have loan current by 10/29.
 Member called wondering if we would open a checking account for her. She has one record on checksystems from over a year ago (5/01/02). I told her that we would consider this, but she would have to make her opening deposit of $10 and the Affinity Foundation deposit. 
Added Vicky as another joint owner on this account.
Adjusted rate on the L6.1 to 4%! Used participation rewards points and adjusted to the current rate.
I have apporved Fred and Darlene for an auto loan. See loan app.
member stated she signed OSL with Ann Mack in mid may, I will ck with ann as not noted in touche, sj
Darlene was into discuss her daughters future need for student loans and they are going to go on lineto apply for our student loan, also discussed her other daughers student debt and possibiltiy of a HE loan, for her, sj
Darlene received a letter from State National, I called and it is cleared up I tokd them the member had signed a form back in Sept to bring the waiver of full coverage good thru 5/1/2008. SN said they beleiver they input the dates wrong should have been 5/1/2008 not 5/1/2007. all should be good. sj
Darlene and her husband are looking at purchasing a new GMC Sierra quad cab short box. She is very excited. She qualifies for IAP. She is very close to having enough member loyalty points to bring the loan down .25% so we will give them that. She will call to make the appointment with the loan officer when they decide which dealer to purchase from.
member called to have full ins waived for 2007 Toyota as daugher is away at school and will not be driving until spring, car is in storage, agreed to waive ins until May 1st and faxed down request to waive to SN, will send orig docs to records for filing, sj
Darlene is approved for purchase of vehicle, pmp-will add comments in FSP
 OFFERED 70% SETTLEMENT ON VISA CC - EXP 9/4
 Jama came in, he is busy working a ton of OT. He has not gone to the ESL class yet, because of this. However, he told me to hang on to the check and he will let me know when he is ready to go. He is coming in again on Friday to call the collection agency so that we can go over a payment plan. They will not talk to me without him present. Shantelle 9544
 Jama came in on Friday, December 9th. We went over what was happening with him. Unfortunatley, O'Haras sent all of his unpaid checks to collections. I called the collection agency to try and set up a plan to get them paid, no anwser, I left a message. Jama did call the courts and they agreed to let him see his kids every other week until he is financially stable again. We wrote a cashiers check for him to pay his insurance. During this talk, I brought up to Jama the idea of taking ESL classes. This is the root of the problem, I believe. We called the Adult education office, and found classes that are from 8:30-11:30 in the morning, which would be perfect timing for him. There is a 20.00 registration fee. Affinity Plus covered the fee, on the condition that he goes. If he does not go, then he needs to pay us back. He said that he would go this week. He is coming in on Friday to talk about this week and what happened, and also to go over a payment plan for the collection agency. Shantelle 9544
 Wrote Jama a letter to give to electrolux, saying that he no longer wanted his check direct deposited, and that he wanted a regular check cut. Also set up a time next friday for him to come in, so that we could go over his budget again, and see how it worked for a week. He has twins that live in detroit lakes, a boy and girl, Carson and Jordyn. This is what most of his budget goes to. He sees them every week, and it is 80.00 each time he goes for gas. This is more then his rent payment. He is going to talk to the courts to see if he can adjust it to every other weekend, so that he can get caught up. Once he is, then he will go back to every week. Shantelle 9544
 3rd party called to verify funds on $131 check. Funds are not available. Miranda x9541
 3rd party call to verify funds available for $100.00 check. They are not. Jenny 9545
 Yusef called and told him his acct is OD.He gets pd tomorrow, which will take care of amt.
 Member wants us to automatically take $125 from checking and apply it to S98 on Wednesday. I will put this in my follow ups. Miranda x9541
 member is coming on on Wednesday to amke $125 cc payment Jenny 9545
 member is coming in on Wednesday to make a $125 payment to his cc Jenny 9545
 member called and can only make $125.00 to S98 automatically each month from s7. He said he has to pay child support. He used to make a $200.00 payment but had me lower it it $125.000 effective the 6-25 pymt. I told him he was past due and OD in checking and that he had to make good on both of them ASAP. JOAnn/St cloud
 See that the member is known at the St. Cloud branch however, he is currently $350 in arrears and negative in his checking account. Sending 1st NB letter as well as a freeze letter to the member. $66.54 frozen and will offset to the VISA if no payment arrangement is set up. trdh9404
 Mbr. stopped in today requesting $450.00 to pay rent. He had a friend living with him that stole $500.00 from him just this past week. He plans to pay this back within a couple of months. I will be pulling $200.00 from checking on Friday for this. I did not look at the visa side of things before approving this. Thought I think I would still have done this as he has been a member for 3 years and is well know by the St. Cloud staff. He wasn't asking form much. I offered to close the visa and write this into a closed ended signature loan as well, he wanted to wait until after he filed his taxes since 
HVE market value is $169,800.00. The appraisal from 2003 listed the value at $172,000.00.
The power of attorney on this account has an account at Messerli and Kramer for $8k on a negative checking account. This is not good.
 SPOKE WITH MBRS HUBBY. SHE WILL CALL ME AND LVM IF SHE WISHES TO HAVE THE ADDY CHANGED - WILL NOT CHANGE THAT WITHOUT HER CONSENT. HBIRD
 ACH SET TO COME IN ON 10/30 FOR THE FULL PAST DUE AMT. spke with mbrs husband and he did a check by phone with pmts from his bank acct that is held jointly with mbr. they wish that we call them now and not the POA. mbr will call me this weekend and lvm to change the mailing addy to the IL addy. hbird9428
 found a melissa cesare at one of mbrs previous addy through the ultamites search. phone # was 847-368-0792 which gave a fax tone and another # of 847-368-9040 which is the home #. Her husband answered and was real concerned because the POA is to be handling her accts here. I did inform him that I was calling because they are not being taken care. He gave an alt # for her of 224-392-3884 (this is a cell that they share and he happens to have the cell today.) they do live at 107 N Cathy Ln, Nount Prospect, IL 60056.
 member's brother has POA on this account - the payment was transfered from JP Morgan account to the L73 -Barb x967031 Jul 2006 at 4:54 pm by 55. ALWAYS INFORM MEMBER IF LOAN IS PAST DUE. He made 2.5 payments in February, then continued to make normal payments 3 months later and nobody told him he was "past due" half a payment. He will be making the full August payment next week and just wants to make the past due payment tomorrow - Kevin Z x9604
 Pmnt recieved in mail for L72, from the account of Troy Sannon, POA.
 non mbr is receiving this mbrs information in the mail-please be very careful if mbr comes or calls in regarding account.-be very careful-phone number is bad as well
 member mailed check. applied payment to L73.AVIVA 6212
 Troy will be sending in checks for payments. Make payment first into 2nd mortgage and the remaining balance can go towards the LOC. Alan E, 294, Nicollet
 Home has loans against it totalling $197,000. Vlaue of home is $172,000. We are undervalued by $25,000.00. I am concerned about status of this loan.
 Forward any inquires on this member to Alan at Nicollet. ext. 6213
 I'm in the process of talking to Melissa about Power of Attorney for Troy. She has requested that all APFCU items be mailed to Troy's address. I told her that I would like her to access her account via internet. The reason for my removal of Troy is because of his dealing with the Chris Hoff case. Please see Chris Hoff notes.
 If Troy calls, please forward all inquires to Alan at ext. 6213.
 Please remove Troy Shannon off of power of attorney. He is no longer authorized to deal with this account. Any problems, let me know ext. 6213. Alan at Nicollet
 Melissa is a new member. Works in Chicago and does a lot of travelling. However, she resides in St. Paul. However, only comes home on weekends. Has a power of attorney established for Troy Shannon. Will send pertinent information to Troy's Address or the mailing address in Eden Prairie. Any questions, let me know. ext. 6213 
 Processed December 2004 Skip-A-Payment for L40, debited $30.00 fee from the loan.
 recd ck 7701 today for 187.04
 co member called in got in waiting game sorry sending in uptodat payments today
Received letter from member requesting to close their account. Mailed account balance (11.14) to member. x6170
 Completed the HMDA today. There were mishaps with the funding of this loan due to non-service by the USPS and the HMDA was missed. Nancy Sx9244
 Found out the mail was not being picked up at the LAF location for 3 days and contacted the Sodergrens about the error. They recv'd a notice from the Post Office that there were 2 packages to pick up. I told them the tracking nbr to destroy and the one to keep. They will sign the docs tomorrow and mail them back in the overnight express envelope. Nancy Sx9244
 Todd Wright at Brainerd came up with a very good idea for the members. He suggested that we fax the docs to them and also overnight the originals so they won't have to drive to Brainerd. They could go to their local bank and have the docs notarized there. I will tell them the plan as soon as they get back to me. Nancy S x9244
 Mbr called about doing a home equity loan at a fixed rate because they currently have a variable rate at their other bank. They said they were quoted 6% and that is our current rate. The mbr already sent me a copy of his paid mortgage . I opened an application and ran thier credit. They want to close in Little Falls and I will need to contact Brainerd to see if someone can meet them. Nancy Sx9244
 Recv'd loan application from the Sodergrens today for a home equity loan.
 Wayne called to inquire about our home equity rates. He currently has a 2nd mortgage with a local bank in Little Falls with an interest rate of 7.7%.. He says he has better than a 700 credit score and would probably qualify for a lowee rate with us. He owns his home outright and has 100% equity value. He wants us to mail him an applicaiton. Nancy S x9244.
 CK returned stop payment, debited L8 acct for the 355.00
 Barbara called she is set up for Bill Pay at US Bank to pay her loan here. US Bank bill pay sent out her Loan pymt 2 1/2 weeks ago and has not reached us yet. I advised her to call US Bank and put a stop pay on the check and WRITE out a check and send it directly to me. I will backdate the check to 3/15/05. JUstineT X9448 
 Talked with OPS and the loan has late payments b/c the extra payment the mbrs made in the beginning of the loan did put the them ahead, but b/c they have had a couple of payments arrive outside the 15 day grace period, this has eaten the paid ahead time. Judy said they can not pay it earlier in the month b/c of their paycheck schedule, so I am going to send them a sub action from to alter their due date to the 20th of each month. This should keep them on track for the future. AmyS 9826
 Gerald has given Judy permission to discuss the loan and account information with us. SHe was calling with questions on why the loan has late psyemtns on it. I looked at it and couldn't see why, so I will be sending a serv req to OPS to look at it closer. AmyS 9826 
Gerard came in to buy savings bonds for his great niece and newphew. What a great gift for a 1 & 3 year old!!!
Gerard had another CD come due at US Bank and brought over to us to put into his CD. He is just giddy about his Rewards cking and being able to make unlimited deposits into his higher yielding CS's with us.
Gerard added beneficiaries to his acct. I was not able to decipher this in association, but he would like Catherine Paquin to have 34% at his death and Jerome Langer 33% and Mary Langer 33%.
Gerard came in today to "get a CD". He called in earlier and found out about our rates and wanted to use his member loyalty points. After much discussion about what he wants etc, here is what we came up with. We opened a $35,000.00 60 month CD and used 5000 member loyalty points. So he could take advantage of unlimited deps into the CD's and the option of penalty free w/drawals, we opened up an Interest Rewards cking. He got his debit card and I will order him free checks. He is just giddy about these new products and the features. I will help him close his US Bank acct and get his direct dep and w/drawals set up. He is on disablity from the St of MN and is almost blind in one eye. He no longer has his drivers license so needs a financial institution within walking distance, Even though he has been a member for a long time, it was never convenient to come to campus since he cannot drive. He has large CD's coming due in March and in May and is so happy with these new CD;s. He asked why we did not lower our rates (like his other banks) I told him we did, but not as much and with his member loyalty points, it looks even better. I made sure to tell him why we are able to do what we do. He went a way very, very happy. 
Pangdra will be bringing social security # for beneficiary on account.
Mbr came in to open checking account, saw two unpaid closures and told mbr we would be happy to open checking when she provides proof of payoff.
stopped bi-weekly transfer to s31. Anna x.9824
 member called in to transfer funds for an air conditioner she bought for their camper. ajb-cap-9740-266
 transfer of funds
Mbr called in to close the acct so I am mailing a ck out today to 2603 A Weston St La Crosse WI 54601
 Duaine called re: the Venture CD he just received. He hada conversion regarding the points and was suprised when he received the CD and there was not an increase. Redeemed I96 and opened I96.1 and cashed in 2500 points. Lori x9468
 Opened new venture...transfered money from the Diamond to the new venture and mailed receipts. Snordrum X6234.
 Member calling about Diamond Cert maturing 07/18, we talkedabout member loayalty points and Duaine is interested in redeeming 2,500 of the 3,904 to increase a new certificate rate. Duaine will call me on the 18th to discuss his options, jlarson 9860
 Duaine called in and did not have the beneficary correct so we changed it. judith 717
I will deposit encore into diamond on the 17th.
 Duaine needed another year end statement as the first went to his old address (we now have the correct one). Shawnet x9664
 Member passed away and his son Earl (219645) came in to redeem the certificates. Both cd's will be maturing within the next couple months so he decided to wait until then to avoid any penalties. He is also going to provide a death certificate so we can eventually close this acct. dalbrecht x9966
 Earl came in to open Encore for Alex. Explained the Home Banking for him to be able to check both his and Alex's accts and interest rates. 
Daniel hopes to have his auto loan paid off by June! He frequently stops by the branch to see how much he has in savings so he can use it to pay down the loan. Today I offered principal only payments and we talked a little about this.
Daniel called in regarding the refinance of a truck he just purchased. I said that we will need the title so his application is approved in sail and he will stop in once he receives the title.
Daniel is purchasing a new Ford Truck! He will be using Ford to finance the truck first to get the incentives then refi with us! Contacted the Auto center to contact Dainel about possibly getting a better deal.
Daniel is purchasing land 40 miles north of 2 Harbors. He sold his motorcycle to by the land. As he said, they can make more Motorcycles, but no more land. Bktcy court agreed to the sale of this land at a reduced rate. Wants land to be a good investment, but not where he retires. He will retire in the hills of a southern state, where it doesn't get cold! He decided at the closing for the HE that will pay for the land that he would prefer to close later to avoid making the payment. We have the opportuntiy to ensure that this next meeting is very smooth and no mistakes are made. Angelina T is following up on questions about Title insurance and Shanna T will close with Daniel on the 16th of May. Advorak 9820
Checking (S7) was accidently opened 12/20. I have closed this for him today. LG9825
 Daniel called and wants address changed effective Aug 26, 2004. New address will be as follows: 589 53 1/2 Ave NE, Fridley MN 55421. Home phone number will remain the same. I will follow up and change address Aug 26th. Mail will continue to go to his current addres for now, see touche. Nene ext 9384
Met with Christa and her mom. She is looking to build some credit and wanted to get a low limit credit card with us to get this started. We talked quite about credit, how it works and is earned, some suggestions on how to build good credit. Started her card out with a higher rate but let her know how her rate will adjust as she builds the positive history and good credit score. x9700
 she came in and withdrew money from her IRA again. she is using it for a trip. I advised her of the tax consequences. she did not care. she seems to be just worrying about her trip and could care less about these funds being used for retirement.
 member came in to get 3500 ou of IRA. They ran into a money crunch and took this out. They may try to put it back within the 60 day time period.
Member called in about a payment that was made in error. Had sent a payment of $600 in the mail for his L73 and we put it into his S1. Did a member journal and backdated payment. Also ordered a payment booklet for future use.
closed auto loan with Paul and Sue, they upgraded to an 06 with less miles. Sue works for the st. james school district and Paul is a probation officer with the state of minnesota. Their son Reid is transfering from SDSU to MSU to teach science, discussed Free2BU accounts. Bev X9561
Paul called to get pre-approved for an auto loan. Both have great credit and job stability. It appears that Paul and Susan us for loans only.
I talked with Paul about safe haven and seem to be okay with the coverage they have. I told him that he also offer Gap and warranties. I gave him the price of Gap and told him that I would pull the quotes once he finds the vehicle.
I requested 2 pay stubs for both, auto insurance information and purchase agreement. Robin x9664
Mbr will make payment on Friday over phone.
PMT TO LOAN- MEMEBR CALLED
JEREMIAH AND KRYSTAL HAVE FILED CH7 BKY ON 2/5/2009, CS# 09-00234. DO NOT CONTACT MBRS IF LOAN FALLS PAST DUE ANY QUESTIONS CONTACT SOLUTIONS.
ACH to loan payment. SAF emailed to MBR to change due date, to work better with payment schedule. BTx6352
INCOMING CALL. mbr wanted us to make a payment to L6 account from her Hawaiian credit union. pjh x9547
MBR CALLD AND STATED HE WOULD MAKE PYMNT FOR AUTO LOAN NEXT WEEK. JG X9454
Jeremiah called in to make a payment on the jeep although not the whole past-due amount so unfortunately the acct. is still behind - Melissa x9325
Per Touche member will be making payment this week....Called member LM to please call so that I can get more info on payment. Need to know if is going to make both Feb and March payment...If not both need to see if we can help member with march so that she don't get another 30 day late. Kelly x9373
 Yang.Jermiah called to let us know that he will make his payment to the L6 next week. myangx9752
 Jermiah called in to make a pymt to the L6, let him know that it was late, will pull pymt for the amt plus late fee.
Jeremiah called in to make a payment over the phone - I updated phone number - he scheduled a one time payment in the amount of $278.16 - that should show up tomorrow 10/17/07 - lindsey x9699
Called the home number again today and it's ringing as it's connected again-see that there was an ACH loaded on 9/28/07-from what I understand there was an issue with ACH's from that date not being pulled. **Heard back from Ops. The operator who set the ACH up set up the start date and the end date for the same day. Will five Krystal a chance to call me before we repull funds. Tei x9404
Called the number for Krystal in Hawaii however it's temporarily disconnected at this time. Sending a 3rd dq letter as the loan is currently 33 days past due. Krystal will need to pay $293.16 to bring her loan fully current-if she has other concerns please direct her to myself or another member of the Solutions team Tei x9404
Krsytal and Jeremy moved to Hawaii, he builds houses and she works part time at a resort x9236
 L6 loan papers not on file. Kevin in Solutions said at this point it is not a good idea to contact member. Credit score is real low and she is in Hawaii. Carol ext. 6167
 mbr received the demand letter that was sent on 10/16, but also a payment was applied on that day so demand was already off. Mbr said she would send a check for $101.58 to complete the 10/1 payment on the L6. She will also send change of address, she has moved to Hawaii. She will direct the check and address change to me. kathy #9372
 NEED TO UPDDATE PHONE NUMBERS, called work # not longer there. No home #, if you talk to mbr see if a change of due date will get her on track. Payment due on the 1st but they always pay around the 15th.
 called home # disconnected will send out soft letter the L6 is 17 days. (NEED TO UPDATE HOME #) kathy #9372
 Krystal called in, she wanted to pay her loan payment. I set up a one time ACH payment, she said she didnt want it set up for each month as of yet. I will follow up after this payment is taken and I will erase it. Kb-Duluth
 members came in an closed on loan for 2000 Jeep wrangler for 9,650. ordered coupon book.
 1/08/2005 03:16 PMmembers are looking for used car, either 1998 or 1999 Jeep. They wanted to get pre-approved for loan of up to $10,000. Pulled credit, Krystal was 666, Jeramiah was 701. Good credit although Jerimiah had bankruptcy 6 years ago and Krystal had old collections which were paid off. They live with parents so currently pay no rent or mortgage. DTI at 39% using only Carolines income. Jeriamiah is self employed for last three years and is really only making money this year, but has no tax returns or pay stubbs to verify proof. Only using Krystal''s income. They will be bringing in pay stubs and other docs to complete auto loan process. esf140 
I have Steve approved in Sail for a car loan. He is joint with his wife on his mortgage, but he will be on his own with this loan. He is not interested in auto protection or gap. He has $1000 to put down on car purchase. Will fund to his checking account and he can write a check to dealership. will fax one signature lending form to Steve.
 Biggest goal right now is investing outside of retirement reasons. He's aware of Advantage Plus and did not request a referral at this time. Justin Dziowgo x9330.
 did bal trf for sears $3242.73 js
 Mbr in to request Visa Balance transfer to Sears MasterCard acct. Janice S in operations is helping me w/this request. JGH #368
 funded home equity loan & coupons ordered.
 members will be coming in today to close on home equity loan.
 LEFT MESSAGE FOR MEMBERS LETTING THEM KNOW I HAVE THEIR HOME EQUITY LOAN READY TO CLOSE & THAT I WILL BE OUT OF THE OFFICE UNTIL 11/30/04.
 member will be in Boznia and will only be reachable through e-mail. Please use e-mail for contact. contacted support and they will reset online banking default for checking
 member ran into reg d limit and was unsure why he hit that since he's on active duty
Audrey was in to make a deposit to her CD but forgot that she would need to use PRP to make a deposit. She changed her mind on the deposit and said that she is going to think about her options.
 Processed cd pending letter form 3/30, opened new 12 mo cd and used PRP pts to increase the rate by 1.25%. Will debit points to increase the interst rate.
came in and filled out cerificate pending form. When venture matures rolling into 12 month 10k min cd and using points to increase interest rate.
Audrey was in for her maturing odyssey on 9/12/07. For now we decided to put $5K to the L6 & the rest is going to be put into the safari for now. The rest of them mature within the next month so took rate sheet home to decide what to do with them. Whatever she decides she will have 5K member loyalty pts at that time & along w/checking 2000 will have a .75% bump. Filled out cd pending letter for odyssey.
x9322audrey called to find out what her credit score was when she did her auto loan in November. Adv'd 815 at that time. She says she will be changing her code word as soon as she thinks of a new one. Some magazine company she talked to knew what it was,Audrey says she thinks her husband uses that code pretty freely.
I have opened up an S98 and transferred $200.10 from the S9 into the S98 as per service request #125106.
 Audrey came in today to do an auto loan for a car she purchased over the weekend. she gave them a check to hold the vehicle for the full purcahse price and came in today to get a loan and check to exchange with the dealership. Audrey has a great relationship with us and it was an easy loan to do for her. She used 2500 points to get a .25% decrease on the loan rate and she would like a coupon book ordered to pay on the loan. KGx9749
 Redeemed 2500 points for new Venture CD 272MR
 mbr came in to open a Safari CD- we discussed her Odyssey and decided to move all available to the new CD- she was very happy with this option, gave her the .25% increase with cking 2000. jmg-9871
 re-invested mbrs maturing cd's into an odyssey per our conversation. mailed receipt. jmg-9871
 audrey came in talk about her cd's that she has maturing in the next week. we discussed her options and decided that a odyssey would be her best bet. we will combine her current encore and odyssey into one cd. she will get the .25% for cking 2000 as well as .25% for the cd promo, she heard that we were doing that and wondered why she didnt get the same letter.. i said we would honor it for her, since she has two large cd's maturing. i will mail her the receipts once the cd's are redeemed. jmg-9871
 mbr had me trans $5000.00 from s6 to I95 Michelle@CAP
Nancy called today to ask about the payoff amt and date on her mrtg. She would like have it paid off before she retires in 7 years, and it looks like it will be about a year before that. 247x9877
Able to reverse all 4 fees Nancy got - she's been behind the last couple months because of everything happening all at once (car repairs, medical bills, etc) - used Better Than Free Annual reversal and participation rewards points for the other 3! She was relieved, and is more educated now about how she can use her points! :)
Nancy will be making a pmt to her L84 in 2 Fridays, for the amount of 2 payments - she got a little behind with property taxes being due. She asked that this be deducted from her paycheck when it comes in.
Nancy called in as she had gotten an automated delinquency letter. She stated that her payments were to have been automatically deducted from her checking so she was wondering why she was late. Explained to Nancy that the payments for one reason or another had not been set up but that we can easily fix this for her. Back dated a payment of $152.48 to 11/5/08 and a payment of $152.48 to 12/5/08. We also discussed chaning the S8 to an S14 because Nancy does go below the $200 min on the S8 and over time had forgotten that that was a requirement. The S14 would better suit her needs. SR to Ops for a checking change and will update Annie R regarding the payments. Nancy was happy that things were easily managed!
Nancy called because she is still getting the late fee, after reading the previous note & explaining to Nancy that she never made the 1/2 Sept 07 payment, so when the payments are being made it going toward the previous month which is why she is getting the late fee. Nancy is going to mail in a payment to her checking today. I will check her account on Monday 5/5/08. Once the $496 is in her account I will manually make the April 08 payment. Then she will be caught up. AB 206
Nancy called in about her late charges on her L72 loan. She said that she had $60 this year in late fees and her loan is set up on a periodic payment. I looked at her acct from the time she took it out till now and can see that she missed a 1/2 payment on April 15, 2006 and also on Sept 1st, 2007 and that was enough to start to put her behind. I made her 1/2 payment today to get it caught up and she will make sure that she has money on those days it tries to pull.Roz9581
Nancy called in to see if she could possibly re-fi her 2nd mortgage with us or get another one. Her dog bit her neighbor's dog and also bit the neighbor. At this point she has a lawyer and she thinks she may need about $5K for the incident but she is hoping the amount will decrease and her neighbor will drop some of the amount she is asking for. I told her we could see what we can do, I also gave her my direct # to call me if she would like to proceed with an application. Bill ext 9417
 Set up monthly payments of $248 each on the 1st and 15th to make mbers monthly HE payment.
 MEMBER PURCHASE SAFEHAVEN LOAN PLAN #1 (DEATH PLAN)
 Nancy came in, instead of doing just a credit card consolidation, I am going to suggest we do a Home equity loan to payoff her HE with Associated HCU, her auto loan, and the credit cards so that her payments would be cut and she can budget for other expenses and saving. She also have a $25K loan with City of Bloomington that is at 5% for 10 yrs and after that it will be a zero %. Will payoff all this debt and also help mber with her budget as she does not have any liquid saving in case of emergency. Will close loan when I have all the supporting documents. STY471
 Mbr called to make a CC payment. Sent request to have S98 account set up. Once it is set up I will make a payment from S8 for $400.00. Mspicer x9480 
 Withdrew check for $150 payable to Hazelden Foundation due to payroll error from June 30. Mailed top copy to member.
 Tracey called and requested a cashier check in the amountof $1300.00. Lori x9468
switched to better than free & also gave Shirley debit cards. She just switched her full direct deposit to come here rather than TCF!!!
 I set mbr up with a password for star Michelle@CAP
Mbr was called back , error was found correction was made into the S1 $500.00
Mbr called regarding a $500.00 transfer on 2-2-08 that she did not authorize. Waiting for someone to call from Mpls. to verify if the transaction was done correctly.
helped kari adjust her per payments, changed amt adn dates, renamed S2 insurance/taxes, this is what she is saving it for. went over reg D also.
 Rec'd call from Karri wanting me to transfer $500.00 from her mother's acct she thought that she is joint on. I rev'd mbr # 219822 and Karri isn't listed as being joint on any of those accts. There is an S2 with Karri's name on it, but I did not disclose any info to her about that. I tried calling her mom at hm/work, no answer. Mbr is ok with not being able to transfer the money. Informed mbr of out hours and that we would be here today and tomorrow if she does reach her mom. Gwen ext 9444 
 amhare was upset because of the fees he received because of his acct going negative. I explained why that happened and how to make payment arrangements with Hy-Vee where he wrote the check to. He wanted to close the account.
 per Amhare, decided he may need checks, ordered. Bev
Ordered repo-truck dropped in Duluth-key reportedly to be dropped in Lakeville-Member has been abusive to Member Advisors-will work as a involuntary unless member signed a voluntary repo form-do not expec
EMBER CALLED WAS VERY FIRED UP WANTED TO DROP CAR OFF WANTED TO VENT I LET HIM GO TRIED TO GO OVER THE PASTDUE STATUS SEE PRVIOUS NOTES FROM TEI CAME TO THE SAME CONCLUSION MEMBER HAS NO MONEY JOB AND WONT BE KEEP VEHICLE SHOULD DROP OFF ON MONDAY AM AT LAKEVILLE BRANCH . IF WONT SIGN WE WIL LTREAT AS NON VOLUNTARY REPO .LORE NRAMM
Spoke with Jeff today-he argued with me that he had an agreement with Bruce on the L6.4-I have reviewed the membership with Bruce already and the result is that Mr. Hoberg has been given chance upon chance and has not pulled through. Jeff asked to speak with Bruce today however Bruce again made it clear that all opportunities for Jeff have been spent. I relayed this to Jeff who asked me what would happen-let him know that he can surrender the truck to us or we will issue a reposession. Jeff started to argue and I cut him off. In reviewing the membership it's very apparent that Affinty Plus has done all we can to help Jeff, it's a matter of how badly Jeff wants to help himself.
L6.4 is 76 days past due. Sending a 10-day demand at this time. Member has lost contact with Affinity Plus and is no longer partnering on the arrangements made with Bruce on 12/15/08. Please contact Solutions with questions.
Member will drop off $500.00 for the Visa and $500.00 for the truck tonight along with the SAF forms. I am fine with the payments. Please fax the forms to me at 651-265-7266. Bruce
Member to pay $500.00 to Visa by 12/26/08. Bruce
Here is our plan: We will have the member pay down the Visa here in December. Then starting on January 20, 2009 we will begin $250 payments on the L6.4 and L69 loan. I will reduce interest to .002% on both as both have severe negative equity. The home is worth $99k to $105k at best. He owes $120k to the first. We need to be drastic in order to turn this member's life around. He is working for the railroad now and is making a probationary income amount through April 2009. After that he will be sitting in a better situation. The truck average market value is $12,600.00. If the member can sell the truck for $15k I would be willing to release the lien and offer either a settlement or I would be willing to write a workout loan. Bruce
I just talked to Jeff. He states he is waiting to get paid for some of the jobs he has done (approx $3k). He is now in conductor's school (a 7 week program for the railroad so he can get a different job) and he is not really working. He says he checks his mailbox every day for a check and will let us know as soon as her gets something. It sounds like his hands are tied until he gets some funds. I asked him if he could get a night job or something and he said he had applied at a hotel but they were only hiring days.
please, see notes, this is a workout loan (L69) We have been working with Jeff. The LTV is over 100%. Please see notes from myself and solutions.
Received $700 from Jeff. Put $375 on the truck and $325 on the home. Jeff does think he will have a large chunk of money with the elections coming up and will be able to pay off or at least pay down a great deal of the loan. We are reducing interest rate to 6% and making the payments $350 per month with the first owing on Aug 1. After many conversations with Jeff, I feel that he does want to pay us.
Talked to Jeff today and he has agreed to bring in a payment on the 25th. he will bring 2 payments in after that in the beginning of August and then we will be dropping the interest rate to 6% and lowering his payment.
Informed Anje to contact member regarding balance on his visa.
I touched base with Robyn in Duluth and Anje. After looking further into account history I feel that Jeff is not able to make his payments. He doesn't make that much money but needs more at this point. But at this time I don't feel that by giving him a loan will help the situation. I touched based with Sam K. in Solutions, he has also talk to Angie. The L69 was done to help Jeff out with his situation. Anje will check on the balance of $710.25 left on visa. According to Jeff the visa cc should be paid in full. Followed up with Jeff and he said that he can come in and pay for the L69. Will not be able to pay for L6.4 until he gets paid. However he wants to know more about a repo on vehicle and write-offs. At this time gas is too expensive for him to keep up with the truck. ext. 9328
Jeff called, he would like to do a cash advance on visa cc. Card is closed and so his Student Choice LOC, paid off from L69. He wasn't aware that both loans were closed. Credit card is closed because he was past due more than 50+ days. There is a balance left on visa cc that wasn't supposed to be according to him. He thought that it was paid off by L69. He started telling me about his journey with Affinity and how he got to where he is on account. He is past due on L6.4 and L69 and is aware once I informed him of the due dates. He basically cannot afford to pay for the L6.4 and would like to surrender it if he can. He feels like every time we help him we put him more deeper in debt. I will follow up on account and get back to Jeff. He would of still have $3500.00 to pay for school and paid his shoulder surgery. But since the visa cc and Student Choice LOC are closed out he no longer has access. I will get back to him tomorrow, I have not got the chance to look into everything. I did informed that I may not be able to get back to him right away. ext. 9328
Jeff called in to see if he would be able to get a car loan if he traded in the truck and downgraded to a smaller vehicle. He feels he will not get loan value for the trade in of the truck. I let him know I would be willing to do the loan for a little over 100% if it is putting him in a better position. I asked him about the issue he had with Dave in the Duluth branch and he said that Dave had pre-approved his friend Thomas Gilmore for a car loan so Tom could buy jeff's Jeep? So, Jeff bought another car and supposedly when Tom came to the duluth branch to get the car loan, Dave had left the company and he was denied the loan. I look in Tom's account and see we have a transact no business on his account since 2006 (WELL before Dave left) and furthermore there was no loan pulled since then or any sign that Dave had ever been in the account. Tom must have lied about the preapproval to Jeff?
Payment for truck accepted after we tried to get ahold of Tei, Anje approved accepting payment. Raina x9768
At this point I feel that the member needs to take some ownership in his life. I understand he was deployed, but then he comes back and runs up more debt and then feels like he should not pay??? I do not see the partnership...
called and talked to Jeff, I explained that with the equity on the home. I am not sure of what we can do to help him with his situation. He stated that he blames us for all of his problems because of the payroll. He is really wanting us to take full responsibility for his financial problems. I will touch base with Tei and Kathy. he would like to do a loan with lower interest rates. consolidate so that his interest lower, and he would start making payments.
Talked to Jeff about his transaction on the 25th. I think he understands now what he did that day but it's hard to say because he is medicated from his surgery. Jeff is talking about maybe consolidating all his debt to possibly a HE loan. He will be talking to someone once he's healed a little better from the surgery. Jenny x9788
Spoke with Jeff today-he stated that he made a deposit of $1400.00 on 3/25/08 and that all his loans should have been brought current for March 2008. I only see a deposit of $1k on that day, Jeff immediatly got upset and stated that A+ misplaced his money. See that Op 124 helped Jeff on 3/25/08-I let Jeff know that we can have the account checked for that day if he liked. Jeff would like Op124 to call him and review the transaction. Jeff just had surgery and is in alot of pain. He can't drive at this time and can't get a ride to the branch to discuss this issue. Will forward to op124
Jeff called- he will be into branch to make one pmt to L6.4, one pmt to L73.1, and $746 to Visa. He was pretty upset that the Visa was past due $475-said this should have been paid in January? But there were no funds in his account, and this $475 is what was due for end of January. I am making one pmt to L6.4, and $300 to the LOC- per member request. Back dated the L43 and L6.4 pmts this time, as courtesy.
Jeff called to make his Dec pmts. He is expecting a wire soon for his business he started and plans to take care of Jan pmts out of that
 Schaum.talked to Jeff and his direct dep comes into his "bank" near his home tomorrow and he will bring us his dec payments Friday afternoon or Saturday . Nice guy frustrated with his DD coming in from the military
Jeff called to check his financial status and is very upset about his va checks not coming through. He is hopeful that Kathy will be able to help him sort this out? He is upset because he isn't able to sell the jeep right now. He would like to refinance his home and pay everything off. He is disgusted that the last year has gone the way it has and how low his credit score is. He said that the only person that has been helpful to him is Kathy. He states that the military said that he should switch accounts. I am very, very confused. I will call kathy. 9965
Credited back mbr for 100$
Jeffrey called in today because he got a letter from us about his loan, but he's still having problems with his direct deposit from the Army. He wants to refi his truck and sell his jeep and home. I kind of had a hard time following what he wanted me to do, but i think he wants to make sure we don't pull his credit score again and then get the info here in Lakeville to nail it all down. Raina x 9768
Jeff was upset that his deposit from VA is not applyinto his loans. L6.4 is delinquent . He is bringing in a check to cover the payment plus some $ for his S7. Crickit 9886
 Jeff is upset re auto deposits not coming in, wehad a conversation re the fact that we cannot see anything coming in.
Jeff is in the process of fixing up his house to get it ready to sell. I advanced his student line of credit to help pay for some windows x9236
I spoke to Jeff and he requested we bring him current for April, requested we pull $319.90 to the S98. We will adjust interest and remove any lates. We are going to set up auto xfer from S7 to the CC monthly for $270.00. Because Jeff is in the military and travels he may not always be able to manage getting the CC payment made on time, we resolved the best this to do is estmate his highest payment on the entire limit, 3.00% of $9K (the limit) is $270.00, Jeff agreed this would be best. jlarson 9860
 Funds received from Armed Forces Bank $1,100.00. I requested that the past due $319.00 be applied to the VISA CC we will reverse any late fee and adjust interest to the last payment. I called Jeff to verify he wants to pay May payment and if he wants to set up an auto xfer from checking monthly. Waiting for member to call me. jlarson x9860
Jeff called VERY upset because he said he has tried at least 6 times to set up an auto transfer from his checking account S7 to the credit card ending 4338. I checked with OPS and the verified there is nothing set up in VISA, this has caused him a past due amount. Jeff said he set up an auto transfer from Armed Forces bank to send $1,100.00 to his checking from that I will transfer the past due and make the minimum payment, we will adjust interest and remove any late fees, this did calm Jeff a bit. I monitor this account for the incoming $'s and call him when it is received. I will further discuss his option to set up an monthly auto payment from checking to cover the minimum payment 3% of the outstanding balance. jlarson 9860
Jeff is looking to get rid of his Jeep and purchase a Quad cab pick up instead. He has been remodeling his home, and he feels it would make much more sense for him to be able to haul the supplies that he needs rather than having to pay delivery charges or rent trailers, etc. Not wanting to trade in his Jeep as the dlrs won't give him much for trade, would rather sell outright and says that he already has some good prospects for that. I am working on an application for him and will give him a call back today.
Jeff is waiting to hear back from the police dept in Arizona to see if he got the job. Jodi 9767
Mbr cld to talk about getting a loan. Looking for student loan of some sort to pay off some loans, bills (medical) before he is reimburst from the army for tuition (close to $8300 he said). Because he is currently active, any new loans will not have 6% rate. Suggested we use his CRCD for this so he can keep low rate of 6%. confirmed with ops rate stays at 6% while he is active. Mbr also wanted sig loan to pay off difference between what dealership will give him for Jeep (maybe $2-3K) as he is looking to get a lease. Mbr has a lot to talk about! interesting mbr. Will call me monday with trade in price dealership is willing to pay. increased car to $9000 for mbr so he can pay off other debt with low rate and now be maxed out. mbr knows a lot about credit. Is looking to sell his house this summer. Has made many cool additions to it.
Member recently purchased a home he intends to use as an investment property. He is making improvements on the home and plans to sell the property after a few years of living there and completing his renivation. He was looking for refi options to consolidate his mortgages along with getting a little more cash out for improvements. He had to pay his college tuition upfront but will be reimbursed by the military. But that left him short in the middle of one of his projects that he would like to complete. 412 x9966
Mailed out CC statements from Jan 06 - July 06
What a wonderful, interesting young man. Jeff called the que asking for advice on his credit card debt. He stated he had cash to pay the debt; however, felt he shouldn't be without cash should something happen. I encouraged him to pay the credit card off with the cash - stating there is no better rate of return on his money. We then talked about his goals (to be a federal agent - he's going to school for criminal justice; however, plans to change to world politics and geography). He would like to bring his mortgage over to Affinity, pay off the second mortgage and just have one payment. He also would like enough money - $5000 - to keep in case unexpected issues arise. His immediate plan for his home is to finish the basement down stairs and replace some old carpet. He stated that he has a company helping him clean up and raise his credit score and asked that I pull his credit (knowing it wouldn't be a soft pull). Indeed his credit score has gone up 20 points since November. With that said, he didn't want me to start a mortgage application; however, inquired as to how much the rate would be. Looking at his score, the rate would be around 6.125. Left that information with his mom when I called. Jeff stated that he normally deals with Dave in Duluth and respected him a lot.
 Jeff came in today to make his loan payment. This was suppost to be set up with auto payment and it was not. I did back date payment for Jeff and brought him current I also set up auto payment to come out of checking on the first of the month. This was a error on our part and not the member. Angelina x9663
 Jeff bought a house in the Cities. He has been living in Duluth most of his life, but has decided to buy a home and move to the Rosemont. He is looking to start a carreer and feels he has more options down there. He bought a townhouse that he plans to make some improvements on with hopes to resell for a profit. He knows how to do alot of the work himself and has a few connections that will help him with the appliances he needs. Jeff is also taking a couple courses that he needs in order to graduate. dalbrecht x9966
 Jeff will be bringing in a check from a co-worker. She owed him money and she only has an account at her home town. I told Jeff she should open an account here and then she would have a bank close by for times like these. The check will be signed over to Jeff. I told him we may put a hold on the check for a couple of days. Robyn H 9964
 Jeff has recently bought a home in Lakeville. I did talk with him about doing the loan with A+ since he does most of his other business with us. However, his girlfriends mother is a mortgage broker and a close friend of his, so he did his financing with her. He is planning on renevating this property and is actually getting a very good deal on it. So he will be looking to us for a HE in the future. In the meantime he is having surgery on his mouth and the doctor is requesting the funds up front. We were going to refi his Jeep to get him the cash out, but with all the recent inquiries for his mortgage his score has dropped and hsi rate would increase significantly and a refi would not be beneficial for him. Looking at other options decided to increase the limit on his Visa card. He understands what a high balance will do to his credit and intends to pay down the balance quickly. But he does need the funds for the surgery now. dalbrecht x9966
 Mbr picked up lien release. PeterP@9688
 Picking up lien release in Roseville on 7-11-06. Jon/Duluth 9962
 Refinanced Jeep to finish paying off other loan and our credit card. Reduced his interest rate too. Opportunities--continue to work with mbr on savings and investments opportunites. Jon/Duluth 9962
 Member is looking to sell his truck outright and wants to replace it with a less expensive vehicle. He is starting a new career as a catastrophy adjuster for an insurance co. dalbrecht x9966
 Mbr would like to purchase an investment property in a few month. Told has to get metro cu and jcp to report correct on the bureau. he is current @ 663 and need to get up to 700 for the best score. he is in the military and says he never would want safe haven products or GAP. Did loan to consol credit cards. Jon/Duluth 9962
 I've reversed 15.00 fee on L6.2 KB
 mts...will mk pymt on 2/09/06...terri n...solutions
 Changed the interest rate to 6% due to the soldiers and sailors act since the member is on active duty. Also talked to Ryan D. and he talked to operations and they said it would be okay to lower the pmt on the loan for the new lower interest rate. mailing Denise Johnson subsequent action form, she is poa, to sign and return to us. Sarah 9964
 Denise called in because she saw that the rate on L6.2 was not at 6% due to the soldiers and sailors act. I ordered a loan re-work and will talk to Ryan D. about this since he did the loan for the member. Denise said that he was told the payment would be close to his old loan and it is not, so I will talk to Ryan and get back to her. Sarah 9964
 Regarding L6.2, I did have a detailed conversation with Jeff about safe haven products. Member declined as he is very well covered through military. Jeff did sell his Lincoln LS and lien release has been sent. This Cadillac is Jeff's only auto loan and his debt is very minimal as most of his expenses are paid by military. ryan/duluth
 ordered loan payment book via service request for fso ryan in duluth. aviva ext 9456
 I called member again, husband gave me her cell #, 940-4673 and would like me to call her after 4pm today. sarah/duluth
 member called about visa, she dropped off payment on Jan 16th and it was put into S1 on accident. so I had operations back date the payment to when they came in sarah/duluth
 I called member to let her know that the payment book has been ordered and the int rate changed to 6%, but no answer and no voicemail, will try back later. SArah/Duluth
 changed the 6% on the loan 151.1. avanroo
 Denise called in to let us know that she needs a payment book for L51.1, also the interest rate needs to be changed to 6% due to soldiers and sailors act. I am checking into this Sarah/Duluth
 Neille from State Nat'l in St. Paul called and told me that as well as the CPI waiver, we also need to send in a seasonal waiver signed by a loan officer, so Kelly signed it and I faxed it to Neille. sm54
 Processed September 2004 Skip-A-Payment for L73.1, debited $30.00 fee from the savings.
 Do not charge member late charges on aug. car payment, her son went to Iraq and she is trying to figure everything out. SM54
 Member has to go to Iraq for the war, his mother has power of attorney (she is DENISE JOHNSON). She came in to get interest rate lowered on loan to 6% though the soldier and sailor act. I explained the process to her and am mailing a subsequent action form to her. Also, I am ordering a loan re-work. Denise's phone # is 39 
Dan and his wife are expecting thier 3rd child! We finished financing today and a different vehicle so they could get all three car seats in at once. Dan may be stopping in later to have a warranty added on. He is very interested but wanted to check to see what kind of coverage the auto currently has before buying a new policy. x9700
Mbr came in today he req that for L6.1 he wanted the package skip a pay & he only pd 30.00 then for L6 mbr did pay 50.00 package fee but ended up paying 30.00 on Dec 10. Called opps ext.6183 to get loan reworked
Dan is looking to get a new vehicle because the vehicle he is driving now has a lot of miles on it and he wants his wife to drive it because she feels safer in it and drives less. He has been with us 2 years and been at his job for 2 years and in his home 1 1/2 adn prior to that 2 years. Credit is solid, DTI is little high but I believe in giving him this loan I don't believe he will let him self down. He won;'t let his credit go. He decided not to take the gap or safe haven or the warranty coverage. He apparently plans on paying this off sooner because he did ask if we have a prepayment penalty. No we don't. He has one dependent too. 1 year old. His primary bank is Wells Fargo and he is happy there. I talked to him about that. djp223 x9602
I had to us his commision for the income also. Base pay was not enough to cover. He made 25K last year in commision and this in 2 days 30K already but that has not been paid to him yet till next month. He is having a great year so far. djp223 x9602
 member recieved skip a payment, he came in and discussed what he was looking for. He and his wife are expecting a baby on Dec. 24th, they just bought a new house, and christmas is this weekend. They have a lot going on right now, I explianed to him how it affects his loan, and he was perfectly fine with that, it helps ease their minds a little knowing they will have a little extra cash this month. I also changed their address, the phone numbers stayed the same. He bought the skip a pay package and adding the 50.00 on to the loan. JW407
 member brought $10.00 to bring share acct current
 Potential members seeking $15-19,000 for automobile. There were a number of collection items on their credit reports that show as not having been paid. In addition, they have a large mortgage payment that takes most of one income, and they have 6 children at home. There are too many negatives in this scenario to make this a good loan for them--it would likely add more financial stress to their situation. I suggested they save what they feel they could pay monthly on a vehicle loan and then go buy a low cost older vehicle with that--paying cash. When they have cleared up the unresolved credit issues, we might be able to look at a smaller vehicle loan. Maureen 9460
Called State Auto Insurance on check before dep (1-800-645-2265 )
Did a downgrade from Checking 2000 to Progressive checking.djp223 x9602
 close loan for lindsay bucannon, Jian mei also stated that she had problems with her ATM deposits at cub foods. spoke with operations, they recommended oredering new atm cards. I ordered two new visa check cards. George lo 9697
 Bin is planning to purchase a 2006 Toyota Corolla very soon. He plans to make a down payment of $5-10K and wants to finance the rest. I loaded the application as $10,000 so that could change. He just did a home equity loan with us in December and also changed companies in January but does the same kind of work. I asked him to give us a new paystub and to get us his insurance information but he said we could use the same insurance info he gave us for his homeowner's policy. I told him I would put notes in but that anyone could help him close the loan and that he could come in to close and sign the documents but we need a purchase agreement from the dealer.I ran his credit application and he had a score of 778 which is great. His DTI is high at 62% and monthly disposable is $2188. He wants to do a very short term loan like 6-12 months and was concerned about penalties for early payoff. I assured him there would be no fees. I will pre-approve this loan even though he has a high DTI. Nancy Sx9244
 We closed on Bin's HE loan today for them. He is doing major home improvement projects on his home. Good member here who is building a very nice relationship with us. he works just down the street from us here in Roseville. I ordered Bin a payment book as well and will follow up with him soon after his first payment due date to see how things are going w/his home and to ensure he recieved his payment book. 715 JPS.
 Recieved title work back from Rich; will call Bin to set a close date. 715 JPS.
 I mistyped the address on the title order.....Let Rich in title know. We ordered up new title work for 928 Hardwood. 715 JPS.
Member called because he received a min bal fee on his checking account, He has a Checking 2000. On July 23rd member went under the 2000.00 Minimum balance so he was charged a fee. He did not realize that it was the same for the checking 2000 as the Money Market. Were on the Money Market you do get a fee you just do not get interest. I have taken the fee off the checking account and educated our member. He is fully aware that we will no longer refund those 10.00 mn. balance fee's. djp223 
 original member app filed in member relations next to copier
 REFUND $55.39 RET ACH/CLOSED ACCT/TERRI N/SOLUTIONS
 Received check from member to payoff entire ammount of L50. Paid that and put the rest into savings.
 Updated address and made payment to L50
Override to post cc ded M&k .
received check for $12.80 for the L43, will have it backdated to 10/16 to pay in full.
cosigner called and said she will mail in the $12.80 that is the payoff for today. I will then mail her out a receipt. she said she had talked to Tei in Oct and thought this was paid. She is very upset as the cosigner she had to pay and request that I close the L43. It is already close will back date and pay this off and send her a receipt.
 I had to do an override in order to post a M&K pymt to the L51.1 for Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
 member called in on loan L 51.1 is now with messerli and kramer gave him number told now must work with them LLR 9420
 Got the check from Rita for the L43-sending to records for dep to the S1. Tei 9404
 Adam is trying to get into business schools, he has applied to Texas, Florida and a few other.
 Adam called back-will be in on 3/31/06 to make his payment. Doesn't have the 15 to pay the late fee at this time Tei 9404
 Did a loan today for Adam to replace the other L51. It was originally set as a 6 month loan with a balloon payment. This was missed by the system and on Monday put him over 600 days past due. TO fix the situation Tei and Josh in solutions along with Chris B from Mankato decided Adam needed new paper work to refinance the loan. He has been doing good on the loan and as his situation improves he will do better. Ben
 Adam stopped in today. We have been talking in brief conversations about his employment situation. He is currently trying to get into two different jobs. He is no longer renting and living with a friend. He needs $1600 to payof his undergrad education. Then he would like to start grad school and get a GA assistantship which would pay $1k monthly and his tuition. Ben
 Adam stopped back to talk to me. He really needs to reduce his payments. BUt more he really needs to sell the truck. According to the notes by Chris, I agree and said a new loan is not the answer. The answer is in his current loan. WE have added $2200 in CPI and needed to increase his payment. I said if he would do some work and get information about his insurance history, we may be able to get some or all (hopefully) refunded. At this suggestion, he stormed out saying "he was going to take care of some business and get some money to us". Veyr angry. Ben
 Adam stopped in. He said things are tight. I went over his budget and he is right they are . I asked him about the child support. He said that he knows about it and right now they are taking double out of his pay check to get current on that. He is tyrying to sell car right now but has not had any luck in a month. He wants to rewrite loan to get current and get lower payments. I think rewriting loan is not a long term solution that ideally he needs to get rid of the whole payment. He as discussed it and will be able to car pool to work. I said that if he does not to rewrite it the loan must be current first and we would require another cosigner because of this credit. He does not want to do this primarly because he does not want to ask his grandma again to cosign. Iasked him about getting payment from her and he said he would not ask. It said he is behind now because of Christmas. I did tell him due to it is a salvaged car title with a rebuilt enginge that it he may be asking too much for the Durango. It is retailed at 13k howver it has 109k miles. He is going to lower his asking price to 9500. He owes 8900 to us for it. I did tell him if he gets an offer below 8900 to call us and we could look to see if we could release the title. However I told him that he needs to work with us and that he needs to get current asap. He said he gets paid next week and he will get current then. Chris
 Adam stopped in to make payment on account, He made payment on L6 which is next due 11/28 and 100.00 to the L51, He is 20.00 short from 11/15. He has been having financial problems and is thinking of eventually selling vehicle. I set up appt for next week to come in and sit down to discuss what we can do to help
 Adam had a payroll problem that cut his check in half, he has a full check today, will pay $234.52 to make L6 current. will make L51 pmt from next check, thinks he can be current by year end. offered budgeting, saving help.
 rcvd proof of insurance (we were just added as lienholder), faxed to Neille at state national. bev169/mankato
 Adam called office, said his title for 2000 dodge was mailed to his grandmother (co-signer), this loan was done may 2003. I told him he should get title from grandmother and bring to DMV for name correction. bev169
 Adam called and he will be in on monday to drop off proof of insurance
 Adam let me know that he will finally have insurance for his vehicle starting on 9/3/04 and if anyone has any questions, they can call him
 Adam called back, I talked to him again about the importance of getting insurance right away on his vehicle. He said that he has had 2 DWI's and his insurance would be very high. I stressed how the insurance premimum that is added on is not legal insurance for MN and that if he would get in an accident or pulled over that he would have no proof of insurance. I gave him a few suggestions of where he could check on
 Adam stopped in to ask what his insurance premimum would be and what his payments would go to by not having insurance. i called Martha and she said that we woul 
 Keith did an audit of his past taxes, found out that he owed $650.00 extra from 2003. he is in process of buying/saving for a home, they they do not want to use any savings. He has good Stability and Ability. Requested signature loan for $650.00 on 12 month term. Erik took over for me as I was in a meeting that took a bit longer then planed. Colleen Sweeney x9817
 Starbanking app - assigned to MPLS 
 Deposit has been made and I talked to Heather about it. She has the account locked and I can't put the freeze back on yet, but will keep working on it. Nancy L GR
 Jt's girlfriend Megan will be coming in to pay $3000.00 as a settlement. PLEASE PUT THESE FUNDS INTO THE S1 ACCT AND FREEZE!! PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHEN THEY ARE IN THE S1 SO I AN COMPLETE THE SETTLEMENT PROCESS. THANKS!!! hbird
 joint mbr mailed in the 1st pmt of 75.00 -- this will leave the mbrship balance of 5137.56. offered 70% settlement of 3596.29. please trarnsfer mbr to solutions for settlement arrangements. hbird. 9428
 joint mbr - mike called other branch and requested a call back from solutions as to why he is showing a balance when he paid the acct in full to an atty - -- - see notes on acct that Witt closed the file and suggested us to send acct to WI atty, however nothing after that. Will need the information from mbr and hopefully he can provide that. hbird, 9428
 Marissa was in and gave me Mike's cell phone number as 218-256-0634 and he is still working with BRI Contracting (218-328-5541). He is living at the corner of 7th st and Hwy 38 in Grand Rapids. amack/grapids 
Member came in with larger check for 10,000.00 from his other account at US Bank. I did not place the check on hold seeing as he had the matching funds, and has been a long time member. He also stated that he doesn't want people from Affinity Plus calling him and trying to switch his account over to other account. (Not really sure what that was about) but would prefer it if employees wouldn't call him at him unless it is an emergency.
 Member's home was broken into and mbr cld and added a password that must be asked. (UPSTART). Also verify soc and/or dob. Mbr says he rarely ever withdraws funds he only deposits so be aware of withdrawals. 
 Lisa purchased a skip a pay package for L3 December 2005 pmt skipped. Next due 1/28/06. AR141 ext6196.
 member paid off car and will probably be looking for a new one.
Mailed letter to member about bill pay rejecting due to invalid account information. Member will need to reset up the bill pay and enter in all information manually as it appears on their most recent statement. (Be sure NOT to use and drop down menus, they may also want to call the company to verify the information they are using.) x9452
 refunded the minimum w/d fee, member''s mother who is joint w/d funds and was unaware of the fee. NL 9712
 Refunded one courtesy pay as a courtesy. Member did not transfer enough money
 Mbr called asking why he continues to recieve stmnts showing an available balance of .01 when he closed his acct in Jan. of 2005. Justine in opps chked into this, the dividend posted after the acct was closed, thus the .01. She will follow up w/ financial accting to see where the penny is posted. Mbr just wanted to stop the stmnts from continuing, he does not want the penny. PegFx9724
 mbr called and wanted close s1 and have check mailed. I have mailed check today. aviva ext 9456
 mbr setting up ach from another bank, mailed out the form for signature, I let him know to give me a call if he wants one time ach done for the june payment.
Allen Needs to add wife to savings account. He will back the membership application
Talked to Mary and set up one time payments on her HE loan and also her Visa card. She thought we charged $15 per ACH payment. I todl her no way we don't charge for that. She is so excited because she has been using her savings to make payments and she doesn't want to be.
Mary called me back, and wants to go forward with a HE loan. she faxed me some information, and I have an app in with a preapproval. I still need some info from Mary to complete the loan. I am calling her today to get this info.
Mary called in and is wanting to do a $30000 HE loan at a 120mo term.
 Mary is interested in an additional $75,000 HE loan. I am trying to talk them into a $130,000 Accelerate mortgage. They do not have a 1st mortgage, but currently have a $55,000 HELOC at 7.47% that could be refinanced into the Accelerate.-Ryan Murray. ext. 9330
The puropse of the loan is for Home improvements are subdividing
 members balance did not get transfered-notified support services-Nikki- she is researching this
 Schaum.Annetta and her husband were up from Kansas visit family for the holidays.
Web app, 18k auto loan loaded in SAIL. Called and spoke to Annetta, they are looking to add husband as joint on the account and loan itself. Annetta does not qualify on her own due to credit and income, however she did say her husband had much better credit. They are looking to refinance an auto loan that is just under husband right now in order to help build up some positive credit history for Annetta. No decision until have husbands info. JW407
 Anetta called confused as to why she got a courtesy pay when her payroll came in the same day. I explained the way checks are processed and refunded her fee as she has not has a CP for a long time and has not had one rev before. I also tlaked with her about a budget & she says she keeps one but things are tight. I let her know we are here to help if she needs. AmyS 9826
Member called in concerned that she has not received her year end statement
 @9411Susan called for the bal. in her Line of Credit here - she, curiously enough, requested a letter from us stating how much she owes at this time, how much her min. paymnt is, and the due date on the loan - she wouldn't tell me why. I'm having this mailed to her.
Susan came back in with a check and paid on her Line of Credit.
Susan called because she said she is having some concerns about check writing lately. Specifically at Cub Foods and Wal-Mart they have asked her to produce ID and more information when they process her check at point of sale. I gave her the Chex Systems phone nbr as a possible starting point. Nancy Sx9244
 Susan dropped off check order in dt-wrong micr# and old liberty order form=order checks for correct micr. #
Per member blocked access on Star Banking as well as Home Banking. She does not use these items and will not have use for them. She feels that there may be someone trying to access these items to get info on her acct. Per member, do not release these blocks unless she comes into the branch with photo ID to change. Also, member will be in to make pymt to L50 that is currently past due. Clarified pymt due date is the 20th of every month. Also discussed returned check pymt to L50. Natalie x9388
 Spoke with mbr today notifying her of double post processing error and that it has been corrected.
 Susan almost paid off the LOC today with a check - she did not want to trnsfr the rest of the money owed to pay it off today, she said it was close enough. PeterP@9688
 Member did not get that .25 bumb, she called and I changed the rate from 2.75 to the 3.00. REK 9690
 Members TRAD IRA matured, we discussed options, she initially wanted a 2 year 5000 min, but then after discussion she wanted to the Venture IRA. I tried talking with her about her whole financial picture, she was very focused on this certificate and a little hesitant to share more information. She mentioned this certificate is her Conservative funds and she has more other places, but again it was difficult to learn more about her situation. I will open the venture option with quarter bump. 
Kelly found a suburban on Saturday and faxed over the purchase agreement. He wanted to pay off the Polaris loan, but adding that loan in he would be over 107% LTV and after doing GAP analysis, there would be a large GAP for over 55 months. There will be a GAP when just doing the loan amount, but he decided against adding GAP insurance to the loan. He intends to make extra payments and pay down the loan. OSL docs already signed, called insurance agent to request dec sheet. Setting up auto payments for loan from savings.
Member is looking at a 2007 Chevy Suburban to trade his truck in for. The left over amount will be 12,000 that he is looking for a loan. However, he would like to combine the loan with the Polaris he already has a loan out for with us, so that he has one payment, and possibly save a little bit on interest if possible. After running the numbers in NADA, even if we combine the loans, the loan will be 85% of the value of the suburban. I will discuss this with a teammate and then get back to Kelly later on this afternoon. He also has my number to get a hold of me if need be. x9230
Kelly dropped off PA and Insurance Binder for Rec loan - faxed to Andre at Lakeville
Kelly is IAP member CS 807! Pre approved for 2009 ATVPolaris Ranger $9K. Refinancing Harris Bank auto loan currently 5.75%. Refinancing Harris Bank auto loan 2003Hummer for 24 month 4.75%. Mtg balance is $159K EMV is $325K. Kelly has been with the State of MN fo 18 yrs.
Excellent credit and long time good standing member.
 survey#1 buy a car. snordrum
 Spoke with Kelly regarding the purchase of a Hummer. Notes in PI and FSP. MRP #328
 Spoke with member in regards to account. Will be coming in to get a Affidavit of Forgery from records. DPG 322
 Bill pay did go through
 Mbr wasn't sure how to send his mtge pymt in Bill Pay. Checked w/operations - they stated that he must have tried 2 times to send, but the payment send date was 4/01. Mbr to try again tonight - if doesn't work, I will contact operations.
 Spoke with Kelly and he wondered about a check that tried to clear his account. He assumed it was legit and wanted the check paid with S1 balance. Looked up copy of chk#3153 for $50 for Kelly and confirmed that this was not a legitimate transaction. When they stop by the Roseville branch tomorrow they will bring in Police report info, and would like to fill out the Affidavit of forgery while there. MSpicer x9480
 Kelly called back since he has been home now since Friday. I closed out the credit cards for hima nd requested that 2 new ones be ordered. He will be stopping into one of the branches tomorrow to get a new member # established and fill out a new member app. He is bringing in the police report for us to have on file too. The new card that was just ordered will need to be merged to the new acct. numbered and I noted that in my service request as well, but just something to remember.Roz9411
 Kelly is in Mexico on vacation and his home was broken into. He has his atm card so only the checkbook was stolen. I transferred the balance in checking and closed the checking acct. They will return on Friday and he will provide a case number and will need to open a new checking acct.
 received atm dispute for $20.00 erro on $360.00 wd on 10-19-04. Too small for inquiry. Gave member atm prov cr $20.00-dispute completed.
 Member only received $340 for his recent ATM withdrawal of $360. I am faxing him a form to sign at 763-712-4539. His phone number is 763-712-4221. Will open an investigation as soon as I get his fax back. David H, 9446. 
 New account number 1006689. This account closed due to her purse being stolen....Nic K x9263
 Set Melissa up with a chking account, she is a college student doing her generals at Century College and does not yet have plans for afterward. Kind of a drag she was working at the Red Lobster on Robert in W. St. Paul and they closed that one and the only other one in the area would make her retrain with 10 hr days for week and she can't get out of school that long to go. mlf9855 
Sheri was upset because she is looking for her satisfaction of mortgage and she says that she can't get a straight answer out of anyone. She was upset and walked out.
 I refunded $4.00 for excessive withdrawal fee error. amy sack/158/grand rapids. 
 mbr called in to get a payoff for his vehicle he is looking a getting a car with better gas milage mbr lives out of state now. I got the mbrs cell phone number noticed that it wasn't on his account. jlr 564 9736
 Phone number no good. Tried to call about Insurance.
 Received address change request,VOID CHECK to set up new ACH and the May 054 pymnt for the L6. Good to go! jlarson 986029 Apr 2005 at 2:03 pm by 324. Members moved to Tennesee. Requested that the ACH from River Bank be deleted (L6). Members are mailing a check for the 05/15/05 pymnt, so not to get behind, also sending a "VOID" check to set up a new ACH for the L6, alos sending address change to my attention. jlarson 9860 
 Joseph Magnan called and states he is recieving this memebers mail, Joe states that this member has never lived at the address on this account I changed the mail code to no mail. Verify address with member if he calls in. gfishbein 9464
 MBR CALLED FOR LOAN APP PRE APPR
 MEMBER CAME IN TO DO AUTO LOAN. ONCE I GAVE HIM HIS RATE HE DIDNT WANT TO PROCEED. APPLICATION BEING WITHDRAWN. AB 206
 gave info on checking accounts
Rec'd payoffs from Realty Executives for both L80 and the 1st mtg. Closed the L80.
Marilyn and Bill are looking to purchase some land adjacent to their farm land. They have their home and 40 acres 1st with us as well as a heloc and have enough room in their value to use their home to get an additional 100,00 for this purchase. We talked about options to do a 3 year arm amortized over thirty so they can afford the payments. They plan to sell thei home and build over the next few years, so this would be a good option for them. Reveiweing with Corey Rupp as this is an agricultural property, however it is used for pasture for their cows. Amanda 9912-643
Marilyn and Bill are buying a new truck as their son accidently hit a cow one night coming home. He is okay, but the truck did not make it. They had a significant amount to put down and use this truck mostly for hauling.
Marilyn and Bill are quite a couple! They have been members for 24 years now and have two children grown up and out on their own. They were not aware of member loyalty points, cd rates, or our investment center. Bill plans to retire in four years, and Marilyn in five. We talked about their plans some and they may sell their current home and 280 acres of property to downsize, but that is all up in the air. We reviewed a few scenarios just to let them know that there are options. They have not had anyone review their financial plan before, so we did visit briefly on that as well. Bills brother Bob, and his wife Jean are also members and I am looking inot their rate again to make sure we did all we could!
Did a w/d from HELOC, member is building a garage! 
 Informed member about PRP. Was not interested, redoing their house right now! Amy@CAP
 Transferred $19.75 from S1 to S2 to cover a cashier's check for $ 2712.00 per mbrs req. 272MR
 mbr came in and req that I open s2.1 college and set up a monthly transfer from his s1 to the s2.1 for $1000.00 Michelle@CAP
 Mbr said that on 4/20 a check for $2372.00 cameout of the shares and should have been out of his escrow. Will back date to the share acct and then back date the loan payment to 4/22 and apply to the loan. Kathy #9372
Jennifer is getting out of this cold weather and having a vacation in Playa Del Carmen. She is so looking forward to this. It's been awhile since her and her husband have gone away and I told her some of the spots I have been to. She is so excited!
 Member was concerned about why her L6.2 pymt was not made out of her payroll. Her payroll is not being completely direct deposited to her accounts here. She will be adjusting her payroll deposit amount to the S1 to $263 and and we will need to set up a PP from S1 to the L6.2. I set a one time ach to the S1 and will xfer and effective date to 8/28. Will monitor the next few months payments. Natalie x9388 
I have spoken with Steven today and went through what happened and how this was missed. I apologized for the mistake and gave Steven all options that he is able to use to remedy the situation. I contacted his insurance company and they will not have any lapse in coverage on his policy. I have notified Steven that this has happened and he has my direct contact information for further questions.
Mbr called as he rec'd letter from HO Ins for non-payment of premium. Am trying to determine what happened, it appears that the originating MA on the Aug 09 refi transaction thought that the premium had been paid through 2010 so we did not pay at closing nor collect escrow funds to pay the premium prior to 2010. I have emailed Mort Servicing and the originating MA to determine best resolution and I will call mbr back to day with answer.
Steven called in and I have accepted his mortgage refinance in E3
Accidently gave Steven back the check that he gave me to deposit. I reversed the deposit and he will be mailing me that check. Jenny x9788
Participation Rewards member requested .5 off their auto rate spoke with steven pulled credit 778 score did a one time rate adjustment plus the .5 for Participation rewards. Rate went from 5.85% to 4.75%!
Mailed letter to member about bill pay rejecting due to invalid account information. Member will need to reset up the bill pay and enter in all information manually as it appears on their most recent statement. (Be sure NOT to use and drop down menus, they may also want to call the company to verify the information they are using.) x9452
 Steven came in & opened free checking account. AB 206 
 Left message for Elizabeth, explained the payment and adjustment she will see on her Visa statement. Jillx9668
 Elizabeth requested to withdraw her internet application. jlarson 9860
 Internet app - assigned to Lafayette
 Ordered Visa Gold
Filled CTR out for a 25k cash withdrawl. Will send to comblience. annie ex9813
Mbr cld in to confirm that Minneapolis office will be able to provide her with $25k on Monday, I cld Stephan to confirm that. She is till waiting on her Wire transfer to come in
 We are re-aging the due date to 01/01/2010 to allow for the auto payments to be correct. Bruce
We have had a payment taken out on the incorrect date. I am wiring the funds back to the member today. Bruce
We modified the first mortgage one month to aid the member to get back on track with their automatic payments. I scanned the modification and the SAF for the 2nd mortgage into on-base. I placed a service request to change the due date on the L73.2 to 10/01/09. Bruce
Members slipped behind one month. Instead of letting them pay late for the remainder of the year I am offering a one month extension. I have set up ACH's for the balance of the year. I mailed the documents for the member to sign and mail back. Bruce
Payment arrangement with Bruce:
These three payments have been set up for you. 26th of June, (10th of July and 24th of July). Please let me know how much in fees you incurred by our mistake. I will make sure you are credited that same amount to your second mortgage and we can decrease your payment on the 26th of June in that same amount.
Payments are off due to a missed November 26th payment and a missed March 26th payment. Greg would needs to make up both payments to truely get back on track. At this time Greg needs a payment of $697.05 to get his June 1st payment made.
Robin called to delay the ACH from 03/22/09 to 03/30/09. I altered the ACH payments as requested.
I corrected the due date from the re-disbursement from the L73.2 to the first mortgage. My re-distribution caused the loan to go erroneously past due. Due date set for 09/01/07 and the partial pay returned to the half payment. Bruce
In order to help on the first mortgage we skiped one payment on the second mortgage in order to catch the first mortgage up to date. Bruce
I will help the member by doing a modification for one month for the April 2007 payment. Bruce
Heard back from RE and the issue rests with the ACH set up by Solutions. Did a conference call with Bruce and Robin and myself. Explained that the payments were coming out every 14 days not on the 5th and 20th. Also the mbrs were a month behind on the mtge payments. Bruce suggested that he do a one-month extension on the mtg and I will change the ACH to two different payments on the 5th and 20th beginning on April 20 to get the mbr bcak on track. Bruce will handle the extneion and the docs assct'd with that. x9244
Robin called about the April mtge payment that was pulled 3 days early. called RE and they will call us back. x9244
That will work just fine. I will adjust the bi-weekly payment to start on 01/20/07 and the amount will be $858.91. (Since the 20th is a Saturday the amount will be deducted on Monday, 01/22/07.
Bruce Thanks for getting back to us, I am sending out the december
payment for the $1301.00 Tuesday and then we can start doing the
Bi-weekly payments on Jan 20th if that is possible? Just let me know.
Thanks a bunch for all your help again!!!
Thanks, Robin
 The member set up payments bi-weekly to the L73.2. I had them sign a Subsequent Action Form so I could extend the loan one month to allow the ACH payments to post in time to advance the loan. The first ACH will post tomorrow and the next one will post on 07/28/06. I advanced to 08/01/06 and placed the SAF in Records. Bruce
 I set up a payment of $1758 for both the June payments on the first and second mortgage. Robin had me set up bi-weekly payments on the 2nd mortgage starting on 07/14/06. With this being said I would be willing to extend the payment one month to allow the two bi-weekly ACH payments to post and not continue to cause late fees for the rest of the year. Both loans will be current tomorrow. Bruce
 Member made one payment last week, Bruce
 Both payments for May and June for both mortgages by June 30th. I accepted that payment plan, said that July 1st mortgage payment would be in by 15th. Asked member if there were other ways we could help... members have been talking with bruce a lot, and he has been helping them. I asked them what was putting them behind and they said a year ago they had a baby and that's just kept them about a month behind since then. I told her we are always here to help the with budgetting or maybe looking at other options like selling the home. Member wanted to know if there was a way to skip the 1st mortgage payment next month, I told her I would talk to bruce. Hala 9474
 Robin Wood sent this e-mail: Hello, I am just letting you know that my April payment on our Mortgage will be to you by May 5th I am sorry! Our May Payment will be to you by the end of May. Our acct # is945543 under Greg and Robin Wood. 6860 231st Lane NE, Stacy, MN 55079 651-462-9917. Also wondering if there is any way that we could meet half way for our late charges? we want to settle that up by the end of May...Please let me know. Thanks again, and have a great day! Robin Wood
 I reviewed the L73.2, the re-age did not save... I re-aged the loan again. The payment is due 05/01/06. Bruce
 Working with member on 1st and 2nd mortgage. My next follow up is on 02/13/06.
 Robin returned my call about forgetting to mail the payment. She stated that she will mail it out this morning. I called back to speak to her to see if I could get a check by phone, but had to leave a message on their voicemail. Bruce
 I spoke to Robin and she did mail out another payment on their first mortgage last week. It was on Wednesday. Bruce
 I spoke to Robin. I stated that in order to get them up to date in an expedited mannor I would rather have them pay all of the funds this month to the first mortgage and I will do a two month extension on the 2nd mortgage. I will mail out a Subsequent Action Form on the 2nd mortgage and deposit the funds to the first mortgage. Robin will pay another payment on the first mortgage this week. Bruce
 Robin emailed stating they will make the Sept payment by the first week of Oct. They should be caught up by December. I responded to her email asking if there is anything else I can do for them. Angela K 9338
 Chap 7 discharged 07-13-05. NO REAFFIRMATION SIGNED.MEMBER CAUSING LOSS TO CREDIT UNION (Visa 4820024020286027). CAN TRANSACT BUSINESS ONLY ON 1ST MTG AND L73.2. DO NOT EXTEND ANY FURTHER CREDIT/BUSINESS
 robin called in/put their visa on a fx'd pymt of $50/m to start 2/05 they will also py a large chunk towards visa w/tx refund/terri n/solutions
 spoke to greg at wk/he will talk to robin this weekend and call bk on 2/7/05 we will put visa on a fx'd pymt plan/terri n/solutions
 Spoke with Greg about mortgage app and forwarded info to Renae. MSpicer x9480
 received first mortgage application. members are unhappy with current mortgage lender and looking to A+ for a more affordable rate.
 unable to get in touch with members, they had called to see if the escrow account had paid off, tried the phone number that was given, there is no voicemail. The escrow paid on May 7th (859.88 was paid) the remaining balance for the payoff on May 17th was $271.52 that was deposited into the savings account. Phone number given to contact was 651 462-9917, home phone is no longer good.
Corrected loan payment (please see previous note) after Tim H. adjusted/reversed original. Called Mbr. (Robin) to let her know this was resolved.
The Jt. Member on this acct. (Robin) called concerned about their L73.1 payment.
They send this in with the Mortgage payment, but received a late notice for the most recent payment due. I can see in the S99 account, the payment arrived , but was not separated and applied correctly to the L73.1.
I e-mailed Tim H. in Financial Accounting requesting this be resolved and provided her daytime contact number.
 mbr uspset that her homowner's insurance was not paid by us. Tried to explain that she is responsible for the first year's pymt when she closes on a loan, but she swears we never told her. Xferred her to Mary in Real Estate to try and resolve. M. Charboneau, opr 260 
Robert is absolutely adorable! He told me how his grandkids are his pride and joy and he cooks them dinner once a week.
member came because he received a letter about his cd maturing in March of 2010. I think he was confused and thought it was maturing now and he wanted to know what to do with it. I showed him the cds we offer now and the interest rates they were at. I explained participation points to him and that he could use those points to increase the rate on his cd. I also explained though the interest rates could change before next March. He then realized that the letter said the date of maturity is 2010 and he is going to come in next year sometime before that matures to decide what he wants to do with it.
Today we moved $10k fm ckg to I78 because it is earning a much better rate.
Robert is 92!!!!! He still lives on his own and drives everyday!!!! He looks FANASTIC for his age!!!
Met with Robert to review his ckbk- mab/485-cap
Serv request forpaper stmts- sending out Jan stmt form On-Base to Robert- mab
Jen from Dept of REv called we have finally straitened this out and this is the Confirmation Number showing that Robert's taxes have been paid RCC1RR4000046082- mab/485-cap
called Dept of Revenue- Payment Team and spoke with Karen about letter rec'd by Robert stating that his prop taxes were overdue. Had mbr bring in his receipt, made copies of that and his trans history as well- I wrote a letter confirming the online payment of those taxes which is on his transaction history and included contact information to reach me w ith any questions- mab/485-cap
ROBERT does have a LIVING TRUST although he isn't adding this to his accts at this time-
CK BK found- removed stop pay- mab
ALERT: member called- has misplaced his ck book- don't cash any cks until we here back from him- Mab
Spoke to Robert to remind him to write in his deposits. Reset reminder for next month. 9388
Balanced checking acct to date as of today.. the problem that Robert was having with balancing his checkbook was due to him waiting to deposit the Soc Sec and Pera until the following month and the auto debit from Xcel was not entered until the following month as well, he also didn't always write down his interest earned. He should be good to go now, I am setting follow ups to remind him on the 1st of the month to write in his deposits. SARA 9459
Robert called about his statement that he is not in balance again. He wanted to try it again to see if it would balance this time. I offered assistance and he will let me know. If it doesn't balance we will meet to go through it. SARA 9459
 Processed cert pend letter. Katie @Cap 9739
 Robert came in & filled out CD pending letter. He would like I26.1 to be put into a new venture with .50% increase due to loyalty points. Mark should be beneficiary & interest compounded. Matures 9/30/06. When I26.2 matures 10/7/06 should be rolled into venture that is opened on 9/30/06. Amy@CAP x9733
 set up encore cds to roll into diamond certificates upon maturity date. DM172
 moved maturing cd I96 to the diamond cd per signed authorization. jmg-9871
 Member brought in CD pending letter, through discussion we decided the Diamond would give him the best rate for what he is looking for we opened one with $5000, and will have his venture deposited there as well. Jill 9736
 Spoke with member about different certificate opportunities, through discussion, I found he like's to maintain shorter certificate lengths, hoping that interest rates will likely rise. We discussed his options and decided on the Venture, and will be rolling his other I2 into the venture upon maturity. 
 Mbr Mother who is joint owner on s1 was needing VOD I gave it to her for s1 and mbr might be calling me to give permission to give it on s7 too Michelle@CAP
 Joe just finished Spring Semester and will be working at Boy Scout Camp all summer. Mary Jane @ CAP X9730
Did override to post M&K CC Ded to the L6 for Solutions. Kim x6195 Records
 file to records
 Pmt to L6 was to principle only for $323.35- NOW acct is at M&K for Collection
 Roq &Roq skip trace- no success. File closed. Regarding the balance in S1- pay off the checking, balance to the loan and send to M&K for collection.After todays date- please refer member to M&K at 800-795-4205. ANY PMTS- please hold, and contact Solutions. Deb X 9378
 The post mark, how ever - is Bemidji.
 The $225 will be placed in the S1 and frozen for the time being.
 Mailed everything I recvd to Deb Rehbein as per her request. Jean x9904
 Toledo OH is grand father- not living there. Koby/Bemidji states sources state member is in the cities. This account will be placed with Roquemore and Roquemore for tracing.
 Last notes on acct state that Natl Guard, as well as roomates-are looking for member. RI has a new address they are looking into. Will see what this address brings... 155 Mettler St, Toledo, OH 43608
 Repo agent- account in skip trace. Army Natl Guard, member was in Bemidji, last known. Received update today, that address we have is a vacant apt.
 Repo has been ordered. No partial pmts accepted.
 if any contact with "girlfriend" please get info on member- where is he, how can we make contact. Try to get her info too?
Closed account - dormant. No activity since 11/14/2005. x6170
 Angelina is new to the states and wanted to establish credit history. Pulled her credit report and there was an account reporting. We called the phone number and got information for her. She was aware of what the amount was from, fees for bringing her to the states, but did not know they needed current information. I don't think she understood that she is liable for that amount and it is her responsibility to get them current information. She was very gracious that we were able to get her the information she needed. However, at this time we were unable to open a credit card account for her. Miranda x9541 
RECVD GARNISHMENT FROM M&K. NO FUNDS TO GARNISH
 Member called to confirm his member number as he was using the wrong number for Star banking. DO/9963
 BOTH JASON / JONNA #128939 FILED BKY-7 CASE # 06-32714.
Member sent online request to use prp's to refund atm fee. I called her to talk about the BTF checking to avoid those fees. She was glad to hear about the upgraded checking.
 Approved for the purchase in SAIL - great participting member. ljx6322
 She wanted to stop the payments on both of her loans in which she is paid ahead on ONLY for the month of June. Corrected her distributions, and will add the loan payments back on June 30th. ljx6322
 Processed September 2004 Skip-A-Payment for L6.1, did not charge, paid ahead. 
Per Ling's email request received via PRP channel. Redeemed 5,000 PRP to lower L11 rate from 4.75% to 4.25% /approved and to redeem points to waive the miniimum balance fee on S9 assessed on 12/31/2009 $10.00 / approved
Loan is loaded in Sail and approved. It needs to be funded in Sail and FSP. I have the purchase agreement. When Ling comes in she needs to sign an OSL membership and then we need to send a copy of this that has been signed by Ling to Bin her husband who is currently in China to have him sign as well. We need to get auto insurance agents name, number and policy number to list ourselves on it as lien holder. He prefers to use email which is binzhu@microsoft.com. He did give me his fax number which is 861088097305 and he said we would need a 0 and 1 in front of this. I haven't faxed to China before so I am not sure if this number is correct. I am out of the office on Thursday and Friday. You may call me at 651-319-1432 if you have any questions. Ling and Bin are purchasing this vehicle for their son and will be making the payments.
Ling's son called in and inquired about a car loan. He isn't authorized on the account so I visited with Ling. Ling and Bin are buying a vehicle for their son. I ran an application in Sail and their credit score is 800. I approved the loan. They have decided on a Honda CRV but haven't narrowed down the dealership they would like to purchase it from. They do need to sign a OSL yet. Bin is in China . His email is binzhu@microsoft.com. I spoke to Bin seperately and he is concerned about having to sign because he is in china. I told Bin that I will email him with the information that we need or what the next action to be taken will be. Carol ext. 6167
 Received the city and country for the large wire as well. ME27
 member will come in to an office tomorrow with the city and country of the receiver in the wire requst submitted today so I can send the wire. Cecelia,ext9424
 I recieved the final documents from Bin in China. I will send these in to be recorded now and will fund it today. I will email Bin and call his wife to confirm that the funds are avaliable.
 Ran HE loan application for $25k. Lings husband works in China and is purchasing a home. Spoke with Sam in Lending and we worked out arrangements to be able to close the loan while joint member is in China(see notes). Mspicer x9480
 Member is interested in a second mortgage for 10,000 on her home in MN. She wants to purchase a home in China. I gave her a rate of 5.25 for a fixed five year, less that 80%LTV with a credit score of 700 or above installment loan. She did not want to start an application before speaking to her husband. I told her that this rate is not guaranteed until we do an application and she is not approved until we do an application. LaVonne257,ext 9459
DWIRE IN--POSTED $12445.52 INTO CHECKING 
peter called - he is setting up bill pay at wells and wanted me to cancel the ach from community bank that we were doing for him - i canceled it
Peter called back -- he wanted his ach from HFCU stopped as of today, so I took care of that for him.
Peter called inquiring about if we can accept a bill pay for his loan work out and YES we can accept a bill pay fromhis bank. I checked and when I came back Peter was no longer on the line.
Peter is currently going through a divorce. He is using the majority of his paychecks to pay for attorney fees. The rest of his paychecks are going to pay rents and bills. He is in the process of looking for a second job, but has not been succesful. We have worked out a temporary adjustment to his payment based on what he can afford. We are working on a payment plan of $20/ mo or $10 every payperiod beginning April 10th. The adjustment is through June 19th where I will contact him and follow up to see what is situation looks like.
 Peter called in wanting to provide update on fin inst acct info regarding ach pmts on L16. Deleted 1st Nat'l of Northfield and updated with Hwy Fed CU (rt 296075933 acct 709290831052). Set up 1-time ach of $162 for 03/13/09, then $81 BW effective 03/27/09-fwd. He provided updated work contact: 507.286.7680. x9884
 I am perplexed. MBR has a new job that pays well. Gave him zero percent money. Has now missed first payment. LMV with MBR. This will go legal sooner rather than later. We have done all we can do. Kevin in Solutions @ 9656
 The workout loan is fully approved and ready for funding on the 25th. Requested that member sign forms pronto. I will do the funding on the 25th. Will likely go to the Faribault branch. Please print out the L16 forms and have Peter sign them. Contact me when the deed is done:) Thanks. Kevin in Solutions @ 9656
 Settlement offered for L6 and Visa of $2,900.84. Expiration of offer is July 21, 2006. If mbr does not respond, account will go to legal. Auction value of L6 is $550.00. It is cost prohibitive to retrieve our asset. Kevin in Solutions @ 9656
 CROSS COLLATERALIZATION NOTICE WITH L6 AND VISA EXPIRES ON 6/29/2006. NO TRANSACTIONS WITH MBR. KEVIN IN SOLUTIONS @ 9656
 MBR states that the State of Minnesota garnished his wages at 25 percent claiming he did not file taxes for 2002. The State was sending notices to an address long ago vacated, so, mbr was clueless concerning the issue. MBR claims he did file the 2002 taxes and has copies to prove it. The returns have been submitted and the State has backed off the 25 percent garnishment to $100 a month. The state is reviewing the returns to determine if garnishment should be removed entirely. MBR suffered $600 in NSF fees from this action. MBR anticipates that he will be able to begin funding the CCCS fully two weeks from today. Told him to call me in a week with precise information. If funding comes in as promised, I can reage the visa and the loan. Kevin in Solutions @ 9656
 Demand notice out. Preparing for repossession. No transaction with member. Kevin in Solutions @ 9656
 recd payment from consumer credit counceling 50.00 towards s-98 visa LLR 9420
 Received subsequent action form back from Peter, and changed his next due date. This should help get him get on time with Balance payments. Sue x9580
 I will send Peter a subsequent action form to change his next due date for his loan to 8/9 so that he he will not always show as late. We will not change his VISA. This is a one time thing since the money order payment for April was lost, and put them behind. Peter has been working with Balance for about a year, and has shown good faith to be on time with his payments. Sue x9580
 Peter called and they could not find the money order. They are now making payments to their loan and VISA through balance. They pay $117 to the car loan, and $50 to the VISA. They have also changed their due date to the 5th of every month. Sue x9580
 recd check from consumer credit counceling today 50.00 towards visa LLR9420
 applied check from CCCS for $117 L6
 recd car payment from consumer credit counceling 117.00 apply to l-6 loan LLR 9420
 received visa payment for $50.00 from cccs san fran will send to records to apply. Kathy #9372
 Consumer credit counceling callled to verify member was on program. I stated member is on a program. If Eric from Consumer Credit Counceling wants more info, please fax the proposal. Gave him my fax number. Deb Rehbein X 9378. By the notes below, I would say the accounts were both on the program-pmts have been made to both accounts since August. I faxed back the form and stated the proposals were accepted 08-12-04
 Applied $50.00 Visa Balance pymt
 Applied $117.00 L6 Balance pymt
 mbr has been pying $50/m to delq visa for past 4m/put acct on fx'd pymt of $50/m and re-aged acct to give mbr a fresh start/terri n/solutions
 LSC called requesting dialogue on the VISA.
 TT member approved balance plan will have Kevin complete.
 MMBR called into member relations to let us know that he has begun seeing a counselor from BALANCE. I think that Kevin is the one working with him and have forwarded him this information. Tei x9404
 Member's wife, Katie, and asked about visa. Added $119 for visa payment to the check over the phone for a total of $252.52. I will distribute accordingly on Tuesday. randy x9420
 Peter called regarding the call from Dustin. He is giving his wifeKatie, permission to talk to Dustin on 4/02/04 in regards to L6.
 UPDATED ADDRESS ON SYSTEM TO STREET ADDRESS PER MEMBER REQUEST...DUSTIN
spoke to member about refinancing and saving money, right now it would not be a good idea to refinance since the rate would not offset the amount of money that she has paid in interest all ready. BDHx9568
mbr called
Mbr missed the last day to make her loan pay for the 2nd mgt, I back date the loan payment
I refunded 60 worth of fees that Lynn incurred on the wire transfer. Her bank refunded her 60. Apparently there is a different address that could be used to process wires faster. x9664
Lynn called about the wire transfer. Apparently it did not reach her bank in time and she was charged 120 in fees. I told her to call her bank and to call me back. We talked a bit about the difference between us and her bank. This will be a clear example of what other institutions will do for their customers. x9664
Lynn's son is in the hospital for some corrective surgery on his chest.
Lynn called to pay $47 fr s1 to s98. x9664
 Advanced her payment with Justine in Visa Lynn paid 300.00 today on her card and we released the delinquency, she is at the airport and is trying to rent a car. LKO 323.
 GETTING LYNN CURRENT AND MADE PAYMENT ON CREDIT CARD.
 member hung up on me, she was very hard to hear and her phone kept cutting in and out, mebmer wanted to complete a visa payment over the phone, I informed her that she had done 2 one time courtesys and that the only way to make a payment would be to come in or have the money wired or mail it in directly to me. She hung up on more or just got disconnected 
 Title company is having the HELOC payoff courried to Lafayette to my attn. Erin 9417
 Subordination request faxed and mailed out 7-22-03
 Received subordination request
 Received on-line mortgage application. Someone from the University Branch will be calling the member this week. Rich Meyer
Received letter from member requesting to close their account. Mailed account balance (11.72) to member. x6170
 Jesse came in to ask about reopening his acct- I spoke with Solutions about the situation- He gave permission to pull credit, which Heather Bird did and based on the results, we would be unable to reopen this acct. I did let him know the amt he owes and that we do e xpect him to pay this back- mab/485-cap
 Board approved. Charged off 9/29/05. Ngx6180
Received acct closure form, went ahead and closed out the acct and will be mailing out check also. She had mention that we dont have a any location close to her and it has just been very hard for her. Pa x9650
 Processed skip a pay package for Pamela let her know about GAP not covering any skipped payments. She wanted it still she may change her mind I told her that was fine and we would be able to reverse if she does.
 Karin came in today, she is a skydiver- she has jumped a few hundred times, she is heading out of state for a skydiving convention- she provides medical services and then she gets to jump free, jmeier
Emil has 2 dogs Flicka a german short hair and another german sheppard - both dogs "found" him. Placed 10k in Odyssey for the next 2 days??? That is all he wanted to do and did not want to talk about his plans for the money that is maturing - he really likes Pat so I am following up with him (John processed transaction for me)
Ordered checks for member, the slip he gave me was to start at 7551 but noticed he had already written checks in the 7600's so started checks at 8000
I27.1 and I27.2 both matured on Aug 7 2009. both cds transferred into I95. Mbr has a certificate secured I put a freeze on the I95 for 12,600.00 expires on 5/5/2009.
Emil did find his check book he just said to leave check number 7632-7650 has stop payments.
Emil came in because he lost his checkbook - we went through transaction history and everything looked fine but still stopped payment on checks #7632-7650. ex.t9696
Can not redeem I27.1 cd on 8/7/2009 becuase mbr still owes on L2
mbr came in extremely upset in receiving cd maturing letter, very verbally abusive on line so I brought him into my office. Mbr would not let me speak regarding options of no mail or what he actually wanted us to do, verbally offensive and threatening so it ended with me asking him to leave my office. Will follow up to ensure I27.1 goes into I95 Odyssey.
Emil requested to have funds from I27 transfered into the Odyssey Cert, instead funds rolled over into 12mo cert. Closed 12mo cert and xfered funds into Odyssey. Cert pending form is with my work. x9701
Emil is thinking of doing a loan for $20K for home improvements. He also owns land in Wyoming, MN and wants to do a construction loan for $100K. He had a very lengthy discussion with me about politics, war, death and everything bad. He was also upset about the death of one of his daughters - not sure when she passed. Pulled his credit from TU and score dropped from Dec 08. Went over his report with him. x9244
He has my contact info so he can call me anytime. jlarson 9860
Talked to Emil about PRP..increased rate on Odyseey by .25% and used 1500 points. He wants to save the rest to increase his other Safaris later on when he accrues more points.
talked about S12 but he had to leave so he told me that he will call me
Added on Emil's daughter as a beneficiary Erika Anderson to all his account.
Told member about International Credit Union Day, gave him a sticker. Noticed stickers were purple and said it reminded him of is daughter, who had just past, her favorite color was purple.
Gave 0.50% increase for mlp.
Mbr was not sure what to do with Venture CD he has my direct number to let me know once he decides.
Looking at building a home on property that he owns. Went over Construction loans, HE and HELOC loans along with est closing cost
Emil is considering trading/selling his Cadillac and purchasing a new Lincoln. Will work with him as he looks around at cars. jon9259
Emil called to find out about a check that was made out to Excel energy in June. What I could tell him is that I see 7386 for the amount tht was written for the amount that he owed excel energy had cleared. We put a stop payment on check number 7385 for the same amount. I don't know who that check was made out to I asked him if he has his check register so he could check for me and he asked me if I was on drugs and really wanted to know. He also asked if a check was deposited in August for that same amount because excel energy said they sent it back. I don't see that the amount has been credited and I don't think it would be if it was stopped if we are talking about the same thing. I really am not sure what is going on with him. He then wanted to talk to Chris Jenks so I tried to trnsfer him to Chris I got his voicemail so I asked him if he wanted to be trnsfered and he said no so I gave him his number and he said I would rather talk to him and hung up. Chris is going to call him. djp223 x9486
 Emil enjoys recollecting historic events and cultures, especially regarding the WWII era. Chris 9865
 used 2500 member loyalty points to increase venture ct to 5.35%. Chris 9865
 Emil came in to cash a check and also check on a debit purchase to TruGreen lawn services-he says that the job was only 10% completed and that he cancelled the contract with them-they will supposedly be crediting his account in kseven days-will be monitoring the account and give EMil a call by 623/2006 if anything happens.
Mbr called to see if check # 7385 for $243.36 to Xcel Energy has cleared. I verified that the check has not cleared and will stop pay the check. Also, I explained Reg D and that he had one more xfer left for the month. Because of this I xferred $1k from S1 to S7. We talked about how old his checks were, and I told him that when he was ready to order the new ones, 1 box would be on us. Natalie x9388
 member came in to cash a check he got upset because I asked him to put his member# on the back. He made a statement that if the check got lost he would not be held accountable for anything wrong that could happen to his account. He also got upset because I asked for his I.d. The check was drawer of his account so I had to reveasr the transaction and in put the check info so that the account would be debited at that moment I explained to him it was my mistake I input it the wrong and he asked if I was trained in or what. He also asked if my drawer was short at the end of the day. I dont know what he mint by that. I asked him how he would like his cash back a he responded in a sarcastic was IN AMERICAN. I then told him that if twenties were al right and he then told me the he wanted a 100,50,20,5. I gave him his $ and he just walked way.CGx9857
 Opened Safari, gave 4.75% rate, that was what was promised to him by me on friday. We just had to wait for the check to clear to open the Safari. jon9259
Loaded HE app for Pat today over the phone. Notes are in SAIL. She is strong IAP mbr with great longtime history with Affinity Plus. Waiting on fax over of supporting docs to finish up and schedule date and time to close. CL x9712
Spoke with member about a number of different things today. She is looking to purchase a vehicle here in about a month and wanted to know her options. Touched on the PRP program to lower auto loan rates and increase investment rates with the funds that are coming due in the odyssey. She like the idea of a heloc @ 3%. She is aware it is variable and she is planning on paying it off in 36 months. She will call me when she wants to move forward. CL x9712
Member came in with insurance check made out to Affinity and herself. We informed her how the check would either need to be frozen, untill she brought in the invoice for the repairs and than we would cut her a cashiers check for the repairs and also informed her how it could go towards the loan. She took the check back and is going to talk to the insurance company before making other plans.
Member took 2 withdrawal from her Odyssey and transfered to the S1
 Yang.jt. mbr came in yesterday and said she would like to fund that were echeated back to her account. She wants to keep this one close but transfe the fund to 146305 which Not was joint under. They did not use this account anymore. myangx9752
 Mbrs are deciding on $ amount wanted as well as term/ will get back to me the 30th or June 2nd
3rd tier for rate - made error in typying the rate originally / US Bank mortgage is their rental property and the 2nd mortgage with Wells is for that home as well / dr is good / history is good / mbr will be paying off credit cards and consecofinancing loan with this loan / recommend approval #246 mkto#7
 closed account and transfer funds to another account 983669. Kim Lx9427
 Member is interested in Roth IRAs. He doesn't know anything about investing, and wants to check other institutions. Told him about Affinity's way of doing business, but still wants to check around. Caty
 Member called to see if he could get a cashiers check for around 39k from his checking account. He has funds on hold until Monday but would like to come in Friday to do this. I talked to Amy Geers who ok'd it and she told me to tell the member to just come and see her and it would not be a problem to release the amount he needed for the cashiers check and the additional amount remaining will then be released on Monday as scheduled. 
 Payments should be a payroll deductions - will be checking with their payroll dept. and giving us a call back if there are problems
 approved - did not pull credit again as I just switch owners around on loan so we could add payment protection for Chris - this is a straight refi from 66071, Sallie - see comments on L3 / bv #381 mkto #7
Ethel called in today regading the Step UP CD we talked about her options and she decieded to go with the Step Up and is aware that she can take the funds out at no penalty at 3 years. 
 Abby and her mom, Joy came into cash some bonds that are made payable to Abigail, however the Social security number is not Abigail, they think they belong to the grandparents whom purchased the bonds for Abby when she was a baby. gave them the web site and info to see how to send in the bonds to get them reissued. Jodi & Kelly @ Lakeville. ext 9762 
 Pr conversation with member, she is hoping that when tax return time comes, she would like to pay off her car loan with us. Her survey said she is also planning on doing some more saving for retirement. JR#327 x99009
Morgan works at Walmart. Likes the store, not always the company.
 Ordered Visa Classic
 Potential member eligible from father. Looking to establish some credit. Dad member since 93 in good standing. Member wanted to establish some credit. been working for Wallmart for 1.5 years and is a full time student as well. No credit to date. Looking to just start him off with some credit. Good time on the job for his age. Educated him on how to use credit to his advantage. Established full rlp here with checking/savings etc. pre-approved on my end sending over to manager because of lack of credit profile. dad does have good longterm history here. ajb-cap-9740-266 
Member has been living in AZ for 5 years and his now paid off his auto loan he is closing his account
 Member requested a skip pay for Nov, charged loan the $30 fee. Jim/MR/9330
 member called in about his car he would like to title it in AZ and needs us to give the DMV title account number so that AZ will send us the title because they are not a title holding state.. THe number is E-00162721 and the phone number is 602-712-4301
 MEMBER CALLED ABOUT HIS CAR PAYMENT THAT WAS NEVER PULLED FROM HIS ACCOUNT THIS MONTH. I LOOKED OVER HIS ACCOUNT AND WE WILL PULL THE MONEY OUT ON NOV 13TH 2003 FROM WELLS FORGO. I TOLD HIM TO SEND ME THE CHACK AND I WILL MAKE SURE THAT HIS ACCOUNT IS UP TODATE FOR OCT'S PAYMENT AND MAKE SURE THAT THE PAYMENT IS MADE. I ALSO TOLD HIM THAT WE WILL PULL FROM HIS WELLS FARGO ACCCOUNT ON NOV 13TH AND MADE SURE WE HAVE THE RIGHT ACCOUNT NUMBER TOO. SO IT SHOULD BE FINE NOW I WILL LOOK FOR HIS PAYMENT TO COME TO MY ATT SOME TIME NEXTED WEEK. I WILL PUT IT IN HIS ACCOUNT AND SEND HIM A RECEIPT( NIKIA PORTER EXT:9302) 
Ahmed called to see about re-opening his checking account and taking out a personal loan to build his credit. I pulled chex systems, and he has 2 unpaid closures. I am asking that he show proof that both of these have been satisfied for at least a year in order to open checking. I ran an application in Sail to see if he can get a personal loan and found that he has 9 collections totaling over $2,600! According to his calculations, he makes enough money to make payments and get these taken care of. He has not taken these matters seriously in the past, so I am not comfortable consolidating these collections for him. I did look up the contact information for each collection agency and e-mailed them to him. If he does in fact make as much money as he says, he should be able to pay these off over the next year. At that time, we can look at a share secured loan to help him continue to rebuild his credit. x9567
C-ALL; SENDING A 10-DAY DEMAND ONTHE L50 MEMBER IS UN RESPONSIVE
Ahmed called in to reopen his checking acct. Concerned that his LOC is maxed out, checked with Chexsystems, and saw that he opened accts with Wells Fargo, and now has one unpaid closure with them. He also said he had a LOC with Wells, recommended to him to payoff both A+ and WF before opening checking acct.
Ahmed asked me to set up auto payments from S1 to his L50 which he as to pay off. I have set a reminder for myself to call him on 10/26/07 confirming the payment. x9825
Non-member came in to cash a check for $220.00, funds were not available. Available funds $153.99.
Ahmed was calling in about his od fees. he was wanting some reversed or to set up an LOC. After looking through the notes and talking to him a bit about his situation, I suggested he meet with someone. He is overdrawing his account quite frequently and would like to look at a LOC, although he is afraid he would not be eligible because of some outstanding collections. He is putting himself through graduate school and is working part time at Walgreens, but is not making ends meet. I suggested a budgetting meeting, so that he can get an objective opinion of his spending habits. An LOC would be a bandaid, but if he maxed it out he would be right back where he was. He asked to have some of the fees refunded, and I told him we could take a look at doing that after he met with someone, maybe as an incentive we could refund one or two each month he remains positive. Hala 9474
 Mbr called in and wanted "3-4 fees reversed, b/c he hasn't asked for awhile". Asked mbr how he had went OD and he said that it was a check, the check did not over draw him, he was OD for over a week before that check came thru. Asked if he kept a register and he said yes. Let him know we would perhaps look at reversing 1 fee if he came in and sat down w/ someone and showed us how he kept a register. JLoftus
 please check in the amount of 445.00.
At this point I am requiring him to payoff the collections then once his student loans come out of deferment he has to make at least 6 months worth of payments to show he can handle the debt he has before I would consider offering him any addt'l loans. dalbrecht x9813
 Ahmed came in wanting to bring his account positive. He asked if I could reverse the fees and since he's had a history of it, I declined and told him that it was the rpice of not keeping an close eye on his balances. He udnerstood. #89 SS
 ahmed is waiting for a $500 transfer from Wells Fargo. #89 SS
 Ahmed's acct was negative and he brought in his Walgreen's check and wanted cash back. He said that he was finishing up graduate school and just got a new apt so that's why his acct was overdrawn. With his new job I felt confident that he is not the type to stick us with a large negative balance, so I let him have cash back so long as he brought his account current and deposited at least half of the paycheck. #89 SS
 talked about his trip!
 Ahmed just got hired for management position for Walgreens for when he graduates in May, He will work for store in north Minneapolis. He is currently working at the store in Mankato.
 I ordered Ahmed a pin and had it shipped to our office, he has had problems in the past receiving his pin
 Ahmed came in requesting fees be reversed since he did not get his financial aid on time. I talked with him about it and noticed that he had had fees reversed before. I stressed the importance of keeping track of his account and making sure the deposit is in before he makes any transactions. DO NOT REFUND FEES
 Ahmed stopped in. I talked with him about the negative balance in his account, He is waiting for financial aid to come, He thought that it was supposed to be in already. I talked with him about making sure that he is waiting until the deposits come in before he makes transactions from his account. The deposit should be coming in next week.
 ahmed stopped in will be able to take care of the negative balance on friday.
 picked up pin
 we have a pin for him, it is by the fan
Ahmed called because his debit card was not working for rental car. the reason for that is because outstanding authorization and the Visa system not recognizing the deposit that was made today. I have increased the limit to what his balance is on his checking account and stayed on the line with him and it went through just fine. djp223
 Ahmed picked up his pin
 ahmed is still waiting for a new pin, I requested one again
 REFUND FEE ONE TIME AS A CRSTY $24.00
 called Ahmed to let him know that the application was rejected at this time and let him know the reasons
 06/10/2003 07:56 AMdelinquent on CR on current CC - low credit score, short job time and residency - reject at this time AD173/Mkto7 
american family insurance called in asking for the Mortgagee clause for this loan that is being closed for these members. Gave them our information and told them they could send the binder to me but I am not seeing anything in E3 or SAIL. Will forward this on to C.Ferk as that was the contact they had.
 MEMBER WOULD LIKE TO PICK UP A LEIN RELEASE ON HIS 95 GMC JIMMMY SHLGKDT13W7525533268.
Brent called in about a ACH fee, he was very upset because he thought he had made a deposit before his transaction went through, I explained to him you cant play beat the bank and that you need to underdstand it can post when ever it wants and he needs to budget.
Brent came in to deposit ck. We talked about upgrading to Better Than, also switched him to estatements. I spoke with him about Microsoft Money or Quicken and how easy it is to track expenditures, savings, investments etc. He's very interested. gene x6201
 Member came in to get cash and I let him know that his Line of Credit was overdrawn by $2.37. asked him if he wanted to pay that amount to the LOC today but he didn't want to. Jenny X9788
 mbr called and said his insurance company progressive will be faxing over the declaration page by thursday stating he has full coverage. Snordrum X6234.
 Mbr called to request $22K increase of their HELOC. After review - they have added 2 new unsecured loans and have a DTI of 56%. With new $'s it would bring the LTV to 100%. Told mbr that w/wife's income increasing in fall and if he has add. income, I would be able to re-visit this request in a year. JGH #368
 Mbr called in to inform us of a deposit that was made in error on their account on 6/23/05. Correction has been made by withdrawing the funds from their chking acct. Mbrs have been informed of w/d and thanked for their honesty. Rebecca ext9787
 I asked Jon again today about the checking acct, he said he is probaby interested but didn't have time to sit down with someone today... his last checking with us was closed for excessive NSF's, so he needs some "coaching" on responsible checking acct use before it gets opened.
 Refunded $4.00 excessive withdrawal fee. Member did not exceed 6 withdrawals before Nov 8th. Starting Nov. 8th we are no longer charging the excessive withdrawal fee.
 member inquired about bill pay and checking acct.Would like to set something up but is skeptical about internet security and about managing a checking acct. He said he'd like to come back after the 1st of the year to check into this. I'll follow up with him then. Justin Guimond, St. Cloud 
Opened Interest reward checking- froze $5K redirected payroll deposit into S12 account.
tt Mark about Venture maturing. Suggested he tt Investment Center, will have Matt Fuller email him. Mark was very nice and is just saving for retirement. He plans on working no longer than 5 more years. Also switched S7 to S12 for a better return rate. AmyS 9826
Mark elected to rollover the Venture to Odyssey and xfer'd $10K from S1 to Odyssey. Followed up with Mark to verify this was done.
I had a nice conversation with Mark Jorland. His Odyssey is coming due 06/06 and he was thinkg of rolling it to the Venture because it has a higher rate. The S1 has quit a large amount as well. These $'s are for retirement. Mark has no immediate need for the money. I did have the discussion of adding a joint or beneficiary. I am mailing the forms to him. I referred Mark to Matt Fuller for addt'l options for investments.
Mark can be reached at 952-292-9326.
Called Mark to discuss cd options. We are not able to give him a rate over 5% due to the decrease in the rates since Dana talked to him. He is a little disappointed that he didn't take out most of the funds at that time and open a cd to lock in that rate, but understands that we don't know when the rates will change. Stayed with the Venture and opened it per cd pending letter. sarahx9801
Mark's CD is maturing on Feb. 7th...he'd like to have a new venture made--he has over 9000 ML Points--he is a loyal member with us, and so i let him know we could use 7500 points to get his rate over 5%. I have already adjusted the points. I set up the CD to mature into the s1 account--please take full amt and purchase new venture with it. Dana @MPLS
Mark came in with a deposit of $239,313.44 today. He needed a check for 215k made out to this wife; their buying some property and were closing on Wed, 12/19/07. After a long discussion, I told Mark that we would place the difference of this total deposit today ($24,313.44) in to his Venture CD and these funds would be on hold until his checks clear. He knows these CDs give him 2 no penalty withdraws but understands this benefit will be wavied for the next week x9825
Mark would like to open a new Venture cd with an additional .50% by redeeming 5000 member loyalty points. He is also wanting to close the money market account and redeem all but 5K from the Odyssey and deposit it all into the new Venture. I sent a service request to process this. x9664
 Member called into transfer funds from S1 into S67. Wanted to know about rates for Certificates and decided that the Odyssey would be an excellent fit for right now with the rates where they are. Transfered $50,000 from Money Market to open Cert. Hala 9474
 transfered funds from s1 to s67. opened new nova money market acct 50000.00. aviva ext 9456
 ING Direct called to verify funds on a $50.000 check. He has the funds available in S1 but it was not available in S7. -Ryan Murray x9330. 
Debbie called again to ask for a loan. They have a work out loan we will not be able to extend the credit. Her name is on the loan. They need to fix a car. djp223 x9756
Debbie called wondering if she got a second job if they could borrow any more money. I let her know we cannot extend any more credit until that workout loan is paid off.
mbr called upset because his due date was not skipped and we took the payment out of his checking account. backed off the payment, advanced due date to 6-16-08 per our original agreement with him also mailed him out another sub action form 9335
Daniel wants to push his April payment out to May 15 - which is no problem, however, he won't be makine a May 30 payment, so essentially he will be skipping the April payment. Jen Arlen will send him a skip payment for for April and a Subsequent action form for pushing the payments to the 15th of the month, and Daniel will call in May to get the correct payment for May 15, since there will be interest that has accrued that will not be in his payment. From this point on, his payments will be accepted on the 15th of each month. X9460
Daniel called to say that he will be making Jan's payment on 2/15/08 & he will be all set to go to make Feb payment at the end of the month.
Dan called in to let us know that he will be makeing JAn apyment online and i have changed the
Automativ payment to pull on Feb. Cgx98
Dan called us to let us know that he knows he is negative. He will get paid on the 31st and that will clear it up. x9825
signed docs for workout loan. have set up payments from S7. esf 140
Mbr says that they are faxing the proposal to Kathy today.
Processed service request to skip the 9/24/07 pmt on the L51, added $30 fee on to the loan. Kim x6195 Records
Dan just called regarding his VISA payment - he knows he is late - however he wanted us to know he will send in a double payment at the end of this month. He also wants to skip payment on his Signature Loan - he will send in the skip pay request by fax to get the request processed. He is aware that the $30 fee will be assessed to his loan as well as interest will remain accruing for a larger payment in October. He is also aware the balance will be tacked on to the end of the loan. X9460
applied for 20k signature loan to consolidate 5 credit cards. better rate and saves member about 7k over 4 years in interest. Dan is back at work and they are agressively paying off debt and getting caught up. set up automatic payments. esf 140
Dan called and said that he is aware that he is past due on his Visa payment and that he will make at least the min due on the 31st when he gets paid next. His wife had something removed from her neck and is recovering well. He was thankful that it was benign. He said that he is just trying to get their finances caught up. Calvin 9486
 LMTC on cell phone to set up an appt. for Saturday (11/18). JGH #368
 mbr was out of work for 16 mths - they used all of his 401k to live off of. his expenses and income are tight. is is runing about 2 weeks behind on his bills right now. I have a call out to Lakeville for mbr would greatly appreciate any help and or advice we can give to help him get back on track. he would like to sit down with someone on Saturday to go over everything. hbird
 Dan called and asked that we pay check #3925 in the amountof $2752.12, payable to HSC. Dan stated his wife wrote a check for $1000.00 and he was not
aware, since he was out of town. I agreed to do this since Dan has been a member for 30 years.
 mts...lm to call him...called bk number is a fx machine...terri n...solutions
 completed hmda for home equity loan
 Per Bruce I re-opened the checking, because he paid up on ALL his accounts. L50, S98, paid off S4 charge off account, and dep into S1 and S7. Kari 9853
 Board approved charged off 9-27-05 Linnea 6163
 Refunded returned Ach fees for member. They are currently overdrawn in his checking account because Daniel lost his job last thanksgiving & has been looking for a job every since. He has stopped the 2 ACH payments that were being taken from his checking account. So he shouldnt get charged those fees anymore. AB 206
 Told mbr we wouldn't be able to help out with his loan request. Substantial unsecured debt o/s, has not started work, as of yet. Told him we could partner with him over the next 6 months and re-visit the loan request at that time. JGH #368
 Member wanted cash back; however, he checking is over $1,000 deliquent. Let him know he need to set up a payment arrangement before we could give him cash back. He said he will stop by tomorrow to work with Jim. Jodi 9767
 member called back on pastdue visa has been out of work but working on payback within two weeks will call back gave us cell 952-237-7874 LLR 9420
 mbr called in he has reached his reg d and wanted me to transfer $600 to his s7. i sent him a receipt for the transaction. jmg-9871
 member requesting to stop pay ACH from HFC coming out on Friday 01/28/20005. jlarson 9860
 Per Dan's request the L50 has been set up to auto debit the S7 30.00 bi-weekly. He will send a check for the 27.00 difference for the 10.7.04 pymt then the auto-pymt will be correctly on track and on time. Shawn 391 
refunded the two overdraft fees- visited with him about the Reg D and he is now awhere and will adjust with the Reg d 6 tranfers
 Blake is an AWESOME member and he had his account overdrawn due to insurance premiums being taken care of. He is a great member with a great history with us so I reversed 2 fees that hit his account. Machelle x9765
 Carol called to make sure her kids were added to her new step-up cd & all other accts as beneficiaries. She said there was a death in the family recently & this issue caused the surviving family mbrs a great deal of frustration & she wanted to make sure it didn't happen to her kids when she's gone.
Carol req to have her CD 3/10/2009 to roll in to her MM account , she going to shop around before opening the Step-up CD
Checking account switch from S9 to S7
Carol came in because she wanted to express how the $10 min balance fee bothered her. She had held the Chkg 2000 to increase her CDs and has had several occations when the account has dropped a little bit below $2000. She didn't feel this was fair because of how much money she holds with us. By having an acct with a minimum balance, we couldn't continue to refund the fees for her, as this has been a concern. We have switched her acct to a Free Checking, so she will not receive the fees anymore - she was happy with this since she was only going to receive the .25% increase on NEW money to A+. She was also upset that she didn't receive paper statements. I let her know I could switch her acct back to paper statements and she did not want for me to do that at this time. x9700
 In May we pulled annuity payment from S9 instead of S1, because of this her s9 fell below 2k and was charged a fee, she had plenty of funds in other accounts to cover this so I refunded the fee. Jessica Simon ext 9864
Finished funding of Roskoski's home equity loan. They have various plans in the next few years to work on their home and take trips and love the great rate and flexibility of this line. Carol works for ISD 318 and Chuck for White Wolf Computing Solutions. We live in the same neighborhood. They talked of how much they have liked being with Affinity Plus versus the bank.
Naji cashed cks for two people that are living with him. He says that one of them doesn't have his own acct and the other can't deposit in time to pay Naji rent (?) I let him know that we have a $2000.00 cash WD limit here so in the future he will need to deposit anything over that. He understands and left happy. He comes in the branch and asks to work with me because"we are friends" :o) I enjoy working with Naji and I'm glad that I know how to make him laugh no matter what he is in for.
The Karnes's uses to work in Nashville Tennessee at the Nashville Theater. This is where they met. When Elizabeth was offered the Job here at MSUM, they both moved to Fargo Moorhead. They live in southwest Fargo in Point west edition (same as me!) so we are neighbors, living just a few blocks away. We talked about the entire goings on in our neighborhoods.
Faith emailed and asked that I transfer $2,000 from her Venture CD to her S9. She also got charged $5 for her money market dropping below the minimum. She didn't remember me mentioning a fee when she opened it so I will refund it based on most likely an oversight on my end and that we have a lifetime relationship from living in the same neighborhood and then working together at GRSB for many years. This is a very loyal and special friendship and I do refer to her as my second mom! Anyways, I suggested she just move the remaining balance into her S1 also if she doesn't plan to go above $2,000 again soon. She said that is just fine. Faith said all is well. The good news is her daughter Amanda and son-in-law Justin are expecting their 2nd child. Faith is so excited! This will be her 6th grandkid. I will have commitments help out on this. CZ
